Exactly 4 years ago on April 8, 2020, I launched my first set of webinars. Since then, as an online teacher, we have delivered courses worth Rs. 4 crores to students with a refund policy at Rs. 25 or with a profit margin at the end.  In this video I will try to show you how if you want to become a teacher or if you have something that you think people want to learn then how you too can start your online education journey. Five things in this video Number one is determining what you want to teach because there are a lot of things that you want to teach, there are a lot of things that people want to learn, how they can be identified, how do you determine that?  What should be the best format for you? Number three then platform of delivery. Technology is a very important part to become an online educator because you want to focus least on technology and focus on your business and your teaching. And what are the platforms that allow you to do so?  This can get done number four, a very big part of marketing, more than half of the teachers do not start because they think that how will they sell, how will people know about these courses, this is one medium but not just one, there are many mediums and we will  Teach Touch You All of That and Then Finally, what should be your delivery model? Due to the delivery format being platform dependent, it is not necessary that you adopt only the same clichéd classroom board delivery. There are many different types of delivery models.  We will try to know them all, this video may be a little long, watch carefully till the end because every section is important and if you want to become an online teacher or know an online teacher then this video can change their life.  Number one is to imagine a two-by-two matrix of what to teach, on the  You are not good at it, there may be some things in which you are very good and we will determine that and then by access we will ask whether people want to learn this or not. Yes, either your four quadrants have come, now it is obvious that there is one quadrant.  Intentionally, people don't want to learn. You don't know how to teach that. When I ask this question, don't people want to learn or not? Will people want to learn anything? The question is, out of all your ideas, what do people want to learn the most?  Something that you will have to of course determine So for me like one thing I can never teach is dance because I don't know it myself so how will I teach languages ​​I do n't know it myself so how will I teach singing I am learning myself  So how do I teach? A lot of things that we can't teach fall into that quadrant but the difficulty comes when you want to teach something and you think there are people who want to learn it and that's where it is. It becomes really tricky. We become a little emotional. For example, I will say, my handwriting is very good, so I want to teach people to write well, not creative writing or that their handwriting is beautiful. Now the reality is that people have not stopped writing.  Now people type and speak, everything gets typed automatically, so writing as an art is becoming very niche, so there will be very few people who want to learn this art and are ready to pay you for it. Ho on the other hand, if you are a ninja or a guru of time management and you do very well in it, then you can understand that how many people will be there who want to learn time management and how many more people will be there who will want to go ahead and learn why. Because the world is becoming so distracting, there is so much information overload in it, we are constantly living in firms and you will then have a business looking forward as well. Now to determine this thing, first of all make a list of all the things that you  You can teach, you do n't want to teach, you can teach, and then the approach was as follows. I conducted webinars for four months in April 2020, June and July. I did not even price these webinars. I said, pay whatever you want.  Do it, it should be more than one rupee, it can also be one rupee, so one rupee or more than one rupee, some people gave only one rupee, infact % people gave only one rupee, but some people gave 200,300, some people gave as much as 500,000.  They pay as much as they consider its value. Now this is what they have to pay before taking the course. I used to ask them after the course that whatever price you gave, do you think it was less after seeing the value or after getting the value? Was it more or did you give it right? And that used to give me a good sense that whatever amount of money came is one thing, but could it have been more or could it have been less or just as much as I got and this discovery helps me.  I have conducted a lot of 17 webinars on time management, startups, communication skills, team hiring, all the things that I had learned in the last 10-12 years as a startup founder and as a living individual. I thought I was good at these things. I can teach people and all those 17 webinars came after conducting 17 webinars of Relife in which there are many people who want to learn it, they are ready to pay more money, why because when I asked them that as much money as you gave, what did you want?  Would you have given more than that and a lot of people said yes we would have given more than that so I narrowed down on two and those three were Time Management How to Start a Startup and Communication Skills Specific to Public Speaking These three courses were the first courses.  Those I Latch A Full Blown Course In the Right Manner This was my approach of finalizing how I would choose three or four or two or maybe just one out of these 17 courses that I could teach. People who wanted to learn The Quadrant  Of I can teach this and people want to learn, then came the format and format. At the time of Covid, there was a wave of live classes that people used to come on Zoom, live classes were conducted, there was a very good atmosphere, there was music, there was chatter, there were conversations.  There were debates, there were discussions, and I could see why that would work because there is no in-person class, but virtually too, a little atmosphere was created, we tried to learn with each other, and this was a nice happy community challenge.  If you take two or three numbers, then maximum number of students should be taken in a class. 30 40 50. If you stretch, then 70 80 100 150. 2, 300 400 500, then no. Because at the end of it, that is the atmosphere of a life.  Class is created because you can see each other's face, you can talk to each other, you know each other, you can interact with each other, but if it becomes a crowd then more than half of the people will turn off their cameras.  You will keep listening as you listen in a normal recorded class also. Challenge number one is that there is a maximum limit of students in a class whom you can teach well. Challenge number two and that was that your time will be taken for each class, so if  If you have to take 8-10 classes in a course, then you will have to give those 10 hours to run each course and that almost felt like a daily wage labor because if I am a teacher and I can teach someone something, then I will come back to that.  I don't want to be a teacher in a school or college where I don't want to be called a teacher until I take a class. I want to be a teacher whenever I can. Why can't I become a teacher in 2400 hours? Why can't students learn from me in 2400 hours? And Then  Number three was that if you run a live course, you give your time, which is very valuable, there is a max limit on it, then because of that, those courses do not automatically become expensive, because if there are only 100-200 people and in every course,  Whatever length of time you run the course - eight-10 weeks or four-five weeks, you can take only 100-200 people and if you want to make money from it, then you will have to price the course in thousands only. 5000 10000 2000 75000 Whatever it is and that makes it hard to sell it makes it very very hard to keep repeating this success, there comes a limit because beyond that limit there probably wo n't be that many students willing to buy such an expensive course.  If you are ready then because of this I thought that my positioning was different and my positioning was that if I believe that I am a good teacher, I believe that I am teaching something that will probably help a lot of people then I want this course to Reach as many students is possible so I can keep this course at a very low price but I can keep this course in low price only when it is a fully recorded course so I took the decision that I am a startup and the name of the startup is Web Veda, we will run affordable courses so most  Courses Will Be Very Attractive We will run fully recorded courses so that no one has to commit to a live schedule. Learn when you want, learn the way you want to learn, learn at the pace you want, learn as per your wish and of course, we will keep a live element, so we also decided that every month I will come live for one hour for each course and as many as Students want to come at that time and they can come, they will come and we will chat, then they will ask me questions, I will answer the questions and what will happen from this, two things, first, live element will come, then if they have done the course, after that they will have some questions.  If there are any clarifications left, they will be solved. Plus, whatever content comes out in that one hour, some of it will be valuable which can be added back to the co- material. So the content curriculum of the course will also keep getting better every month, so it has this double.  Effect and I love that approach so we decided to have affordable pricing and fully recorded and due to this we also said that if it is fully recorded and affordable pricing then we will also give a 100% guarantee policy that if you consume this course within two weeks  If you feel that this course did not work for you, for what ever reason, you will get your full money back from us, no questions asked, and we have followed that till date. Despite all this, our refund rate is less than 5%, which is in  Industry absolute standard because if you allow refund then people start gaming it and forcefully ask for refund and here too we come up with very cute reasons that Ankur, I had taken your course a year ago and without any money.  Do you need this course, can it be refunded, the course was very good, got a lot to learn, but right now, it's not really worth the money and I 'm like bro, it doesn't matter, this money will not make any difference in our life, yours  Maybe it will help please take it and it's really nice that we are able to do it because the scale is so big and we do not have to bear extra cost for selling each new course both in terms of time and in terms of then.  The platform and platform was very interesting because we have gradually moved to an organized platform. Today we use the Graphy platform which is a product of Unacademy. It is very good. It covers literally every aspect of not just course selling.  But even time selling, if you want to conduct live classes, you can do that. If you want to do fully recorded like we do, you can do that. If you want to sell mentorship hours, you can do that. All your content is copyright free.  So it prevents distribution of content, so they have put in there are all the mechanisms that you want to add content by drip, you want to add all the content at one time, you want to schedule it, you want to conduct live classes, you want to create a community.  You want to create, you want to do this on mobile, all of that flexible exists on graphy, what is why we decided to go with graphy, initially our entire platform was on Vio, wouldn't you believe it, so what did we do, we did our course. Vio is an [Music] [Music] AI generator, due to which all the content of the course, its description and its subtitles will all be promoted. Now of course, that is probably true for your course. A great start because you don't have to think, your entire focus is only on teaching and that's it, if you want to just teach the children and all this fuss, make a website and then launch it and then the whole thing.  Accept payments and then add delivery, also communicate through email, all that is managed by Graphy as a platform. Another thing that Graphy provides is that we did not use it but it could be very powerful in the future.  If you think about membership, all our courses are sold at single course level, so time management is at one price, communication is at one price, youtube is at 1 price, we do a little bundling but still technically each course is  It is a stand alone entity, tomorrow if we have 50 courses then we can argue that we take nx9 and give them access to all the courses because then it becomes extremely popular right now you can learn everything in 00 months or about a thousand years. Ever you are being delivered and every quarter a new course is happening so that also keeps adding so this membership facility is on graphics, you can also run your campaigns so by labeling your students you can say yaar in students  Send this communication to Send this communication to these students What we'll cover right now in marketing but all of that as you can imagine is the flexibility that Guffey offers and because we're off course by we use it so that's why I'm endorsing it We have evaluated many more platforms, not only in India, but also globally, to be able to accept the combination of Indian payment methods, Net Banking, UPI is a very big element, 70% of all our transactions happen through either UPI or Net.  Banking which is not available on international payments. Secondly, it is flexible so that the content does not get pirated. The content does not get leaked, which is a big problem of India. Thirdly, every single feature which is there in any global product is covered.  It is already here. Fourth, there is the feature of mobile app and community which is surprisingly available in very few platforms because they consume it more than the website itself. And then fifth, the flexible of the format. Live classes are available. You have to do your mentorship hours.  It is available to do recorded content, it is available to do assignments, it is available to upload PDF, to upload video, to embed video, to create any other quiz, all that flexibility is available which makes it a complete platform and that's it of graphy, you will choose your off course what.  Whenever it is that you discuss and decide but the platform becomes very important because now your student is experiencing you through the same platform. Then coming to the fourth part that is marketing the course and this is where most of the teachers fail them.  It seems like, friend, we only know how to teach, we don't know how to sell, we don't know how to make friends, we do n't want to be like Ankur Vaar, where people abuse about how many ads are coming, then seeing your face, I have lost my mind. I say to people, Yaar DDLJ, dekhi hai nahi hai, people say, Yaar Dil Chahta Hai, see, people have not seen it, or Sholay, see, people have not seen it, yaar tum, I have become old, so off-course is a reality, but the benefit of being young.  This is not a matter of whether you will watch good movies, no, I also watched a lot of movies of my parents' time because they were good, it is worth watching, it was from Sholay to Gabbar for you, but if I have to explain, then there are a lot of them just for the sake of marketing.  No, but AIDS is also the first social media marketing. What is social media marketing? You have created a presence for yourself because you are a teacher, so you have already opened a channel or teach on ya or teach on any other format.  A group or community has been formed and because of that you have a first set of students who are ready to receive your courses, so you should feel free to focus on this, whether you are in any profession, not just teaching, whether you are a corporate employee or a freelancer.  Be it an artist or an entrepreneur, social media presence and personal branding has now become a priority and the person who is running away from it is really moving away from his success because today it is there and tomorrow there will be more that people will only and only  You will build your status only through social media, from there, that is something I will raise highly, but now this does not happen overnight, so if you do not have it then what to do, okay looking ahead, second email marketing, now what is email marketing, have you any idea?  Opened a newsletter where you talk about your subjects, where you talk about your experiences, that newsletter can be on email, that newsletter can be on whatsapp2. When I started, all these platforms of mine were not as big as they are today.  I had 0 subscribers on youtube, 2 on instagram, 2 were the most, I was engaged on Ton since ed3, so in last 7 years I had created a following of about 6 lakh people and still I remember that my first posts were on Linton only but  The first thing that I did was that I also launched my newsletter, then when he started the newsletter, then when I actually launched my courses through Web Veda, then I started posting in the newsletter. Today, the announcement of every new course is on the newsletter.  And as soon as that happens, many people join only that newsletter because it is a very interesting and direct way of communicating. Number three webinars are effective and most used. What do you do in this? People do not know about whatever course you have but  What you will do is you conduct a free or a very cheap webinar that will give a glimpse of the entire course so like this is also a video this video is going to be about half an hour but when we have a course lunch incidentally we will do a  We are doing the course Lunch on How to Lunch Courses Business, its name is Lunching a Courses Business, there will be lunch in about two to three months, so when this lunch happens, that course will be of about eight hours, so what am I doing in this half hour video?  In a way, in this half-hour video, I am giving a trailer of that eight-hour course, so if you liked this trailer, then you will probably like that course too, you will probably be interested in it, so what do you do that in that webinar  You give value to people but you also say that I cannot give all the value in this half-hour or one-hour slot, there are many more things that I want to say, I want to go into more depth and all that.  What I have covered in my course is that if you buy now, you will probably get a discount or an offer and you get the full depth value of the course and there is also a 100% refund if you decide to go with that asset at this time. Webinar or Live Seminar becomes a way of you creating an ad along with ad for your potential students and because you do not charge anything for it, they charge a very minimal amount here 999 seeds so there are more and more people who can hear  This and Test Out the Actual Course Before Buying Ten Number Four Providing free resources is a very interesting approach so let's say you created a PDF because of this course Which is a Checklist of Things That You Can Do Exercises That Can Help You  Or you can be approachable and you give it for free but you ask for one thing in return: your email address. So imagine that you have launched a course on public speaking and in it you speak. This is a PDF which contains five hacks before a presentation, five body.  Language Tips Five Things That All Good Speakers Have in Common Five Best TED Talks to Learn About Public Speaking Five Movies to Watch to Know More About Good Communication Five Examples of Blunders Committed in Public Speaking Written By  They are also giving it for free and people can download that PDF by entering their email address, so what you got was an email mailing list, so as soon as that email came to you, you sent an email to them saying, bro, this PDF is valuable.  All things are just the beginning, I have a whole course on public speaking where I go into the why of public speaking, I try to explain everything to you, I try to explain what I know myself and this is only for one person, if you are interested in the next  If you buy within 24 hours, you will get a discount on that price. There is also a refund policy. If you don't like it within two weeks, you can return the entire money. This is a risk free investment. Would you like to try? How it works, so you offer value and what's one.  Give it number five partnering with online platforms Now you say that my job is to make a course, I have made the course but I do n't want to market it, someone else can definitely do it, if you go to a platform like Yami or skill  If you go to a platform like Share, you can host your courses there, but what is the challenge? Why do they take a large part of your revenue share because they are doing all the hard work off-selling the course, marketing the course and delivering the course?  He is taking a small percentage for doing everything and saying that we will help you in some way in marketing also, through fitness etc., in which I will come now, but all these platforms, they give a hefty free to the range of 20 30.  But at 40 because they do a large part of the work plus all these are international, there is no such site in India but there are enough and more success stories of people who have done that age well so you can consider this also then number six  Affil Marketing This Becomes a Really Nice Engine When your students start coming, if you tell your students that they liked the course, then here is a code, share this code with your friends and by using this code, if they If you buy this course, they will get off on x and you will get value on You are not trying to force anyone to earn money through you, you are not pressurizing anyone, it is their choice whether they want to do it or not, they can call absolutely late but to be able to provide that flexibility and to give them that awareness that  Man, this is possible is enough in my experience to create a rebel effect because those who will be your best followers, those who are really happy with your course, happy with your content, they are your best busters and then number seven is the most misunderstood but according to me. The most powerful because it can be started instantly overnight. Social media marketing means you will run AIDS [Music] [Music] [ Music] Say that if you put one form and its meaning is two, it means by putting one form, you will get two forms.  This is great because as long as your rose is greater than one, you can put as much money as you want. I remember we started digital marketing about a year and a half ago and started with something like two or 000 per day, which is by the way.  It is not Sati, you can start even from Rs 00, we started with Rs 2,3000 because we were a little confident that it will work. In today's date, we spend two to three lakh rupees a day and this is because we started slowly, slowly, slowly.  Slowly and gradually control your cravings and increase your chances. When a new course is added every quarter, we have a new course lunch, then we get an addition from that too. So we have this engine now which keeps running. Now you have to be ready for this. Friend, if your face is there in AIDS, your content is there, then people will probably be upset with it and will probably abuse you. I am happy because of the abuses I get for AIDS, I probably never get even 100 for the courses. Like if I twittersignin.com it's  Perfectly fine but it is very interesting that if I get 100 abuses then there will probably be one among them who says that this course is nonsense so people are abusing AIDS and the course and I am very happy because my work is to increase it.  If I am able to reach more and more people through my ads which I cannot reach organically and people are benefiting from that course because I am giving them a refund policy, I am giving them that course at an affordable price.  I am trying to teach everything that I know, there is no coercion, there is no forced affiliation, there is no forced promotion, if you do n't like it, you can get your entire money back anytime, we will not help any person.  They do n't refuse refunds, even if they come back after two weeks, two months, and at some points even after two years. It's your money, you have earned it with hard work. Please, if you like it, what should we do with it? If all this happens.  People are able to learn something from these courses which is why I get SN email feedback every day then I am more happy than to be the bad and to say do mujhe ga jitni deni do do it doesn't matter because it helps someone.  And I'm happy with these are the various ways that you can promote your courses. Then brings us to the last thing and that is delivery. Delivery is very interesting because if you decide that you want to do live classes then your completion  The rates will be very good and this is proven. The completion rate of live classes may be very good but your time will be spent in every class, so in a way you have become a daily wage labourer. You will always be able to take a limited number of students and will not be able to reach two.  Give you an example 390 Hajj students currently on Web Veda who have spent their money and bought these courses and have benefited from them If I had taken live classes, it would have taken me hundreds of years 390 Hajj students and it would have taken me hundreds of years 40 crore business so I am happy to reach this point through recorded classes but the big problem of recorded classes is low completion rates. When you are teaching someone by looking at the blackboard in a boring manner with your back to the camera. So people gradually switch off. How did we tackle that? We have a very interesting delivery model. When each course is launched, we actually run it like a life course, so like our latest course which is launched now, Lunching.  A courses business where we will teach how to set up a courses business, we select maximum 30 students, then we announce the application form, people apply and in that, we select a maximum of 30 students and we do not take any money from them.  It is a 100% scholarship batch and the course will be of four to eight weeks, this course will probably be of six weeks, we teach them everything that we want to teach in this course, we ask them only one thing, we give them the permission to  Record everything that we're doing Every class will be recorded Every conversation will be recorded Every Q&A will be recorded Every community session will be recorded Why because we take that recording and convert it into a course Now how does this make a difference Why because when you do a live  You are teaching a class, your method is also different, you are teaching hundreds of students, if someone has a question, then you stop and answer their question, you are referring someone's example, someone's name.  So it feels like it is a classroom. Now even if it gets recorded, psychologically the student feels like he is in a group, he is in a life class, his name will never be called, his face will never be called.  It will be visible but they will still feel like it is a live setting and the best proof of this is that our completion rates [Music] Dispina averages at 72 completions, which shows that this delivery mechanism that we have is because of this, like I said, every course. There is a one hour live session every month where 200, 300, 400, 500 students come and whoever comes there, we do not have any problem because Q NA is happening only, we are not teaching anything to anyone, we are just answering the questions.  The better the questions are, the better the answers will be. Some of the selected questions and answers will be put back into the course content, so that engine is also getting bigger, our curriculum is also improving, so that is an added benefit and every  Every month we update or upgrade the courses because many times things have changed, the environment has changed, the ecosystem has changed, the market has changed, so what we taught in the course may also change. For example, we remember.  At the time when we did this course, I think we did this course at the end of 2022, it had been a while since the shorts were released and both the long and long forms were very different properties. Any shorts on the same channel.  And could not do long form but then after that there was a change, now there are many channels including shorts and long form on the same channel, so that change had to be done because then we had taught that do not combine shorts and long form, now we  Want to tell that there is actually benefit in combining both, so that was an upgrade, that was an update, so there are many examples where we have to update the content, all these things are available absolutely free for a student, they get life time upgrades.  They get time access to that course, it will never be taken away from them, they will always have access to that course whenever they need to access it, so it's a beautiful way of assuring that they always keep using it. These five things are important when deciding which course you do. In which format you deliver it, deciding which platform you use, like we use graphics, deciding how you market it and then finally delivery of the course. Due to these five things, your courses business will run and these five are When we implemented things in our business, here are the results that shape us up: We started this in April 2020. In the year 2020, we did a business of Rs 8 lakh from just selling courses. 2021 That Rs 8 crore jumped 10 times. In just one year 2022, those 8 to 10 courses became a business worth Rs 1 crore. In 2023, those Rs 13 crore became 155 crore. In 2024, if everything goes well, we will hopefully do a business of around Rs 20 crore. So you will see that in the last 4 In a year we have done a business of around Rs 37 crores. If everything goes well then within 5 years we will do a business of around Rs 60 crores. This is just the beginning. I really feel that this business has so much potential that it can go into different languages. Off courses can be taken to different countries and many more courses can be made and we are doing all this profitably. Our bid margin is around Rs 25 after paying for all ads, all platform charges, all production, everything and yet make money at  At bidda level of 25, I firmly believe that this business, this startup, can become a startup of 100-200 crore revenue and if the same happens, whenever it happens, in five years, in 10 years, if it remains the same till 25, then you have a nice one.  Cash flow business with which you can do education and many more. You can open a university, conduct in-person programs, open a hybrid, introduce fellowships, it is absolutely unlimited the potential you have if you are a teacher, I really believe.  That teaching as a profession is going to be very critical in the next 10 years because the best teachers in the world will earn immense money because remote is now the way, asynchronous is now the way, online is now the way. Yes, people will go to school, go to college.  But they would like to learn only from the best teachers in the world and those teachers will be available to every student because they are remote, online and asynchronous. You can access them. With this belief, I hope that your teaching career starts as soon as possible.  And you can also create financial freedom and security for yourself by helping countless students. Signing of my new book Make Epic Money on Thursday has become India's best seller by selling 1 lakh copies within a month. Now you can order it. amazononline.in