If you have money in India then You have respect but if that money is for show becomes a little hatred From Jamnagar These are all what is considered a Flash Unnecessary Display of Wealth That Doesn't Fit In Culturally With Us And Toss Too They've Never Done That How You Do How did Tata make ThinkTa Trust? He never showed off his wealth Didn't show I think Tata he always showed his The advertisement is not for myself. Always did it for the country, even if it was salt. Ho par desh ka nam desh ka and I think that Really Really Help Them Win A Content Creator or a personal brand that is how Can They Build Trust in Content I Always Say the Three Roles You Can Have as a Friend And an entertainer and a teacher and it is most It is important that you choose among these three. What role do you want to play? Your Problem With Hustle Culture as a New Entrepreneur We Have to Figure out everything on our own from Creating a Website and a Digital Store Managing Our Business Accounts and Juggling Multiple Different Projects All at Once Need to Use 100 Different Softwares Too Manage These Operations But Not Anymore I Found This Amazing Platform Called Urdu Which Helps Us With All of the Things You Can Sell ​​Anything Digitally Track All Your Inventory Create Invoice Manage Your Employees and So Much More Urdu Helps you with everything that you need to Manage Your Business Online and You Get One App for a lifetime with free Hosting and Customer Support and Offers Various Affordable Monthly and Yearly Plans As well the flexibility of do is true that Apps Can Be Added According to the Growth Of Your Company Adding One Pup at a Time Your needs evolve and your customer base When It Grows the Best Part Is No More Switching from one software to another with Urdu You Can Manage Everything at One Place Imagine Getting All Your Business Information No matter where you are in just a single click Amazing Write Urdu Has The Trust Of 12 Million Happy Users You Should Definitely Check out Urdu the link is in the description Below, this is a matter of business management. But We Also Should Know How to Be a Successful What is important in building a business? Pillars That We Need to Keep in Mind And this is what we will learn in today's episode. With one of my favorite content Creators Ankur Warik I Think He Really Understand how to brand in India Can be made on an individual basis Today's podcast is about how Tata created its own brand and learned from it Learn how to create your own company And why would any other company do the same thing? Why couldn't an individual do it? You can win in your life by achieving success. can earn money and own India can also make a brand a trust It is a deficit country where trust is most important. is a very important factor and we also Talked about whether you and I will move ahead in life. If we want to grow then what kind of people do we need? What kind of people do you think? Ankur Warik What is their hiring process? Hoti and their hiring process India Why do they believe that it is the best? And we have tried to understand that you And how can I complete so many of their processes? By understanding the knowledge in your life You can also implement and move forward. You can become successful very quickly Achieve This Episode But Before You Do That Raj Samani Clips and Raj Samani Shorts Go and subscribe because there We will share small clips of this big episode cut and bring before you so that you can see a Become a better person in less time In We Are a Trust Deficit Economy Really Hum Trust Deficit Economy Yes Yes Hum Dal there is something dark in me man Datchi runs on trust but exactly So this is what when do p when do Things Work on Trust When There Is No Trust because that's when you change the Equalization by Earning Trust in US Things don't work on trust paper in US Things work based on what you have written. If not then I will believe in the Court of Law I Will Believe in the Court of Law Order I Will Believe in the Court of Justice Blah blah blah here when all these things If you don't believe then there is only trust. Relationship is why when business is like when you About business with successful people Will you talk, said brother, business, relationships, hella. End like whether I am Covid or not You will receive the goods from me when it arrives If you don't trust me, then that item may be broken or not. Even if it is expensive, we will take it because When Seth ji said if you are angry at your brother, then say so. Dia and That's the Machinery's the Same Thing you see in Most Emerging and Family Oriented Culture Faith based organizations or countries Have the Same Smell of Lack of Trust and Datchi Mere Feels Trust Deficit There is not much trust in Infact India Let's do it but I like this analogy trust deficit That's why things need to be trusted too much I think people will move forward Trust others very quickly and they That's probably why we do it because in other places If you have been cheated then you should do it to new people. They don't have any source, that means there is no other option. Not only that if I have to do business I So I have to trust the person in front of me Brother, if this goods reaches me, I will have to Atlee and I will pay for this if If I work with trust I will win So I will win my goods are the best I don't need to be, that's all I need If I said like why why is it Bombay the Professional Capital and Delhi the Political capital is ok because Bombay is a Trading Community and Trading Releases On Trust It Dozen Rely On Power It Dozen Mean Who You Are and What You Have Done and Were You Come From Where You Stay What Matters Is That You said that you will get the goods tomorrow and if If I go then I will trust you here How many things are there to trust when people They say that Bombay is so professional I have experience because I am from Delhi I am here when people say that work has to be done till tomorrow. If I go, the work gets done in Delhi by tomorrow. Will say work will be done till tomorrow then will call tomorrow No, the boy has left the day after tomorrow, I had to come. It will happen, it will happen and you just keep Dragging Your Feet and Kicking the Can Along The Road End's Just a Very Powerful Feeling If I am bigger than you, then I I don't need to keep my word. I will always be bigger than you Why Don't You Start Thinking About Trust? It Wait It Is So True I Experienced In My life That I think is bigger than me in attitude Have Social Status in Terms of Just Late And political power and something of Delhi Isn't it that attitude that I I'll do anything and I'll make you mine Follow the timeline and guidelines Whatever you are, it's okay, you're home now. Pay Aap Aao That Attitude Mein Reflect It's Not that they are being disrespectful It's Just This Is How They Know Apart I don't know anything, this is how things are Work This Is How Things Work Just Because This does not mean that you are good with your work. whether your work will be done or whether you will work Will you give or will you win, who you know You are in life because of him too We will become successful so there is an added layer And a very important layer that you Do you know where you are from? Kis kis wa wai chalta hai toh ye city aayi Don't Think That People Mean I'm Just Saying that political power is never just Powerful Things Work More in Less 100% This happens in Bombay which has more merit There are more clicks if You spoke and you kept your word then Next time you will get it back here people I really value what you said. If you come at 2:00, you will arrive at 2:00. If you go then people will value you, you know what this means Everything has value but another thing is Who do you know in life? I think the same thing works all over the world. but the difference On what basis do you accept someone's opinion? So what I think and whether you believe it or not This is just my sense based on merit Opinion Becomes Almost Like the Opening of the Funnel to Raj if Ankur asks Yaar Koi Bhaiya Podcast Coach Hai Kya U Will Only Hear Me Out If You Trust Me To Be Good in That Podcasting Place or other wise he will also ask me No and even if I answer you will Don't Give It Enough Importance But If I If I am playing power game then I will tell the secret He is there and you will work with him and then you Will Almost Be Alright to Do It Here Respectful of Weather You Trust My Word Not Your Doing It Because You Almost Have No Choice But To Listen To It If You Know Is Off Course Very Very Important But Why You Would hear them out is just as important And What I've Seen in the US and in Places Which Are More Trust Driven Merit based opinion is the only one. If you are an expert in this field then your opinion I will rank higher in this field Edge against anyone else who is in any other field It is more important to become better Like Life Thing With Gun Trust Love Over Trust Is Beyond I Don't Think There Any Society Cannot Function Without Trust It's the Level of Importance You Attach to It And How It Supersedes Even Eight Times Logic Where are the power driven cities from? Societies are there because someone else is Powerful, what he said, I don't have any option. I have to accept it And who is more professional professionally There are driven societies, there I am based on merit. I will correct others on trust basis And the Code of Conduct over period of time That I know that I can give this person this thing I can trust but not this Can you think that this happens which is more who overtook or who overtook too late Gaye Wood B Rang Word Social Status Whose it's more, they know more about something Man he would have seen more in life but see and know it is very very What is the difference between different things? Every person is defeated in life, yes there is defeat. Does every person live? No, very few If people live then why do people say that Failure is the stepping stone to success Then it was a lie because the failure was Stepping stone to success that every Man has lost, even if he wins, he is a failure. And in the middle of success and for me Reflection You Fail If You Don't Reflect You Will Keep Failing But Not You Fail In Ya Lect You Will Fully Hope Not Fell Again in That Same Dimension And That Will Be A Better Version Of You So The Same Thing Is Experienced So Everyone has done it but know the reason for it how many people are there so if you ask someone dude live without money yes yes ok what to learn I don't know, it's difficult, it's not a Helpful Answers Like What You Learn When You Live Life Without Money What Did It Teaches You If Money Was Taken Away From You You had a lot of money and then You don't have money, what does he do to you? Taught you had no money and then money a lot came what did he teach you If you don't learn anything then that experience what is the benefit of that then It's like watching a stimulation. And in the information many people think so is that when we are consuming content we You are informing yourself, no friend. You are entertaining yourself and In that you turn off your senses. And you just say man dope man ke shot Keep taking it, keep taking it, keep taking it, keep taking it! Looks great Looks great Your body looks great too. She will scream and shout but something Can't find actionable likes from him Have you ever seen the episode of Uske Soch Yeh Raj? It was great, now because of this I feel like this Which two things have changed in your life since yesterday? I will change what I have not done till now I felt that something must be changed or else there will be no benefit. What is it? Then he took something. Read the book and move ahead, it's the The same thing is that people who go somewhere in life Every person has achieved something Have experienced but I feel that people who achieve something are often able to do Who have also experienced and I learn something from it and for me The Best Measure of Weather You Know Something Is Weather you can teach it this is inclusive in My head only if you can teach someone Let me know you know something Because it is very easy to say that you know but if you don't teach anyone You can't, you yourself don't know that you What do you know true and it's game over Then that's that's so true and I I Agree with this point of reflection because A Very Early On When I Started My Podcast My One of the First Joe Podcast It was the reels that went viral. That's What I Said During a Podcast I I'm talking to I think I was talking to Ritesh Aggarwal Hum Oyo Hum and Hum Main Us was talking about something how are You So Prepared for the Next Day You Are Freaking Young and You're Dealing With Let's From the soft bans of the world and like me Who is the world and now he was telling That's how the Prime Ministers and Presidents and Everything Like You Know He Been Dealing and Pretty Young Right There Speaking about that and that time When it was a matter of reflection, I Said a line out of just jamming the Conversations That I Genuinely Feel That Experience is a cheap reflection Expensive Most of the People Go for Cheap Things Right They Don't Know The Real Expensive The Thing Is Reflection That Even If You Go For Let's Say Simple as Music Concert Right You're saying that I love it I love it great What did you feel when that was so good that you wanna go again So Till You Reflect Naught Feeling You Don't No Weather or Weather You Like Something That's So True And that reel went viral so you just said Like Reflection I'm Something and Like I Am Not a surprise or too much ok In the middle of Then One Question Example sed If you lose this money, what will you learn? You have a gun. Through the cycle what did you learn one you What did you learn when you didn't have money? I learned that to be happy in life very little money is needed and of our inheritance The scenario is very good, very inli it's better to use lettuce Example: A casino is open and Only one game runs in that game The rules are this whenever you play, however much you play You have bet money at odds of 90 time you Will lose but before you play already Know what your maximum loss can be you will never lose more than that Maximum loss is given but at 10 which you You will win no matter how late you win No upper limit so you can win unlimitedly The question then will be how many times do you I will play games and my answer is everyday. I will play this game every day for as long as I live because If my loss is apt and I only want those 10 But we have to wait and keep playing I have to live the day he left my life Ban Jayegi And That's Exactly How Ours Lives are and most lives are where I am Know that I can take any gamble With your career, with your life. The Times Will Give Off at 90 with Decisions Not working out but my loss is capped. I am not going to die naked of hunger. Our parents fought and gave us such a Life has given us where we have a home And the house is there bro, if God forbid it happens If we are in good condition then we will sell that house. If you get money then stay in a rented house. Lena, go to the village, go to the mountains There will be life, there will be family, there will be no You will be healthy otherwise you will be hungry. You are not going to die naked at some point in your life. your loss is cap but you are life I can go anywhere I can go anywhere your capabilities are yours Opportunity is your luck. destiny anywhere can take you anywhere Why wouldn't you keep playing this game Every Single Day of Your Life That's the Game When the money goes away from life that is When you realize that that money has helped you a lot The house was not held tight by any means That car, that pride and love, you may lose it all. You were not afraid of losing your life. You weren't afraid of losing your family Because all that will probably remain yours There was a fear of losing status or social status. What will people say about the college when he leaves? Friends, everyone will laugh, that's a stupid thing. Yes friend because you never got all that Maybe we can get back what we lost You can get a lot but the thing that You really need to be happy in life You want it without any money. together also intact Is One You Release This Than Game Chances Because two and three things happen because of That one I very quickly realized that my Next startup will be venture funded That won't happen, it will be a booth stop because I don't like this company as a Rs 2000 crore company. If you want to make it then it's great. But I don't want to make it for that purpose. Know that if I go 100% to that company I do it and it will also become worth Rs 100 crores. There will be so much money that I don't even know how to spend it Will do but if I make a 100 crore If I form a venture fund company, I will be a failure. Will be declared on day one it self end For ever the rest of my life so I Why should I do one I don't need that big N Game to Play I'll Play a Game I Know I Can we win the same thing happened with our personal Finance S Well When I Near Buy CEO Resign from position Did I Thought That I'd Start Making Money and Was Making Money Through Corporate Talks through all of these gigs so far corporate game hasn't started But Covid came and all of this stopped Like I Was With Zero Income And Because I spent all my money in near buy I had invested no liquid Cash As Well All Of It Was Paper Wealth That's So Near buy ka 10 par owner but that dozen amount To anything because money is needed for life I have five months in the bank to live The money was to pay the school fees at home Household expenses and my wife and I sit Look down and we said we have five months Let's see if we fight for three months. If something happens or doesn't happen but if God If the anger had not subsided then the house in which we would have lived Will sell that house to us for Rs 50 lakh The down payment we gave may be returned Will get the mountains with Mst 50 lakhs Will move my children home will school any primary school school I will teach children and life will be the same What will you accept and my wife will spend Like what's brilliant is a life that I can Absolutely See My Self Living and That Was It Suddenly Nothing Has Control Over You Lock You Have Literally Kinked Every Bit of a Chain That's The world is attached to you and you are free. Absolutely free like, if not 50 then you will get 40 mil. Will go 30 will get 30 lakhs would have been enough If you want to stay in the mountains and Your expenses are nothing and your own Health is this and [ __ ] the world Everything That Came With It That's Ankur Pa Look at what ISB is doing all this? Look at the interest he is teaching in school. Such children are being sent to school. It doesn't matter that they also die. we will also die and after our death No one will remember anything after 10 years When you sense all of that it's so free Eng That Then Money Became Almost Like Something You Respect for what it gives you but you Just don't you free you just free you just Free Datchi Jaga We Won't Have Anything To Complain because this is the period which we enjoy. we are doing absolutely well You know I of course believe that there is no three in life. Types of freedom are financial Freedom psychological freedom and then emotional Freedom comes right and all step by step That First You Achieve Financial Freedom Do you think I have earned so much money? I don't need to earn any more money or No need to think about when to have dinner tomorrow Where did he come from? You did that and then you Psychological freedom that you are more than that If you go higher in level then what is the society? Thinking about which car and which house Once you come out of that race, You have achieved it, you have seen all the dreams. Then comes emotional freedom that I am angry and Which I surround with jealousy from anger and ego Be free from everything in your case you R Telling that it was almost the opposite. Almost the opposite happened, I really thought that I Become emotionally and psychologically free What do I mean by this? Not angry that I don't have money If I am able to earn then emotionally free society It doesn't matter what ISB says. What difference does it make to the mountains? I will go and he is also free and Then When You Started Financial Freedom a freedom i because it's so frustrating Like what they say no three Don't run away on dates. Don't run after him. Because when you don't run after numbers So we run after excellence If so, success comes to you automatically. It's It's Almost Like That When You You become free only then maybe those things starts coming back into your world because Those things also feel like this, man! He is not asking us, now he is ours I am not yearning for it, how did this happen? So Don't Ever Be A I Know You Are The Expert on Relationship But Not It Said Don't Be Easy to Get Buzz When You Hard to Get Then Your Value Begins to be Established That's what happens when she comes into my life. What if it doesn't happen in my life? There is a shortage because when this person always It happens in front of my face then I I can never understand its importance or I can't even understand but when this person goes out of my life and something It's hard when I realize that Man, what role did my life play? In or does which i value or andy It's the Same Thing You Not One of the Others Says What I Say I Love I Love Them Recollecting Everything's Coming Back and It's There neither my In My Organization Right Outside This Office This Studio You'll See First Quote And the First Chain of Value That Quote Ended Up Becoming a Value Chain and Value System For Everyone It's Right Like Making Money Is Like orgasms the more you chase the less yours chances of getting it i love that fo enjoy the Processes It Will Happen It Will Happen Absolute or So It's Almost Like That And Lo I Think I Release It Much Later I Am still not in that phase I am not where I can even think that I am. What will happen in absolute bottom and how will it happen Because I'll tell you mine For real life short time i mean a little Due to fights, some of my own decisions Because of one face of XYG multiple What was there in life, when in Padam When I left Indore and came to Mumbai And at that time I released for the first time About paisa nahi hona is what and me Learnings and lessons were very different what You have given me so much importance Lessons I Learned When There Is No Money What happens first? We and that were not of much value One of the biggest learnings for me that Power Wala Cheese V U War Saying when people think you have If you have a lot of money then your words will be useful. You value the most basic things. Tell me, people said it's weight brother, what do you mean? He is speaking and the money is not in your pocket. Even if you say very intelligent things No one cares or people don't Vatu listen to you because not much value That's the first thing I've released This Is How Society Function I May Be What is completely wrong in large society? But this happens in the society around me. Whole Balls What You Experience Or And Then Second which gave me another important lesson felt that i think athletics where i came from If I am from that type of society of everyone People are coming and there is no money. Then you become very insecure now You lose your confidence because I Saw that when I go to a restaurant I am mine, I am an educated person with good English. I am a confident conversationalist There is nothing wrong with me from top to bottom I go to a restaurant and order properly. I wasn't even coming because I was scared That if he gives an expensive thing then I will come forward How will I say this in front of the person to remove it? Right, this is a very small example. Get it but everywhere I look It seems that the person in front is better than me. Is he successful or rich or has a lot of money? How can I talk to him in my mind? I am insecure if the person in front of me has a body. He is better than me so I am insecure If his money is good then I am insecure It's I Think It Makes You Insecure When You Don't Have Money No Atleast As Much you think you should have If it is not that much you are very insecure That's what my learning was And may it be a very surface level surface Level Learning for Someone Like You Is Much Elevated e Spiritual Ground I Learned This at 25 and Me I felt like I have learned a lot in life. I become very insecure not about money I think so at the age of 25 This is a very good lesson because it is Then You Will Approach Yourself and Your Life In a way that you don't feel two things like that Will Then Exactly What Happened And After that I said this my what do you Made the goal the goal that now how come Feel How Confident I'll Never Be Dictated by money or in the beginning we Var talking about trust and that's half the story Gone are the conglomerates who don't want you To go deeper on that ok and I love him I will come to Creator World also, you said that India Trust deficit economy in India Conglomeration works in countries like Patanjali is a central name and every Will buy the same thing now means at least a little for now Dug mga gaya but just Tata ha means Tata Now That You Are in Emami Patanjali India Saying I'm thinking that a lot of There are houses that write their names above And many things are named after him moving on and we never stop and tell them this Ask why you are in this business Yes, you are selling salt and vehicles too. Schools are being sold, hotels are also being sold. They are selling, they are also selling the hospital. They are also selling steel and also selling chemicals. You are here, not every human being can do all this. So why are we stopping asking this? Give because believe believe that he'll do what he believes is right will believe that what we have done to them If the one I bought turns out to be good then I will buy a new one. That will also turn out good and this is the one Virtue of being a trusted brand in a trust deficit Country and culture questions not complete And this dozen happens in the US which we talk about Were completing that you will see in US The conglomerate view that GE is the Closest That We Come To But There Mostly there are specialized players If he is making then he is doing so much and Kindly tell you what is it and I Atleast Try and Triangulate This Fact that people have confidence in that person that He can bring the best talent to solve Any problem and its resources There is no shortage, we have confidence that he man is a magnet off Menikalgarhileke who lost his existence They become so obsessed with something that after doing it Will remain the same and there is no shortage of money. Trust us we don't think that Elon Musk is a God in space and here also There is a God and there is a God and a tunnel is also dug Will give, we just know that money is useless Yes and talent behind it. Dies Like a Madman and That's How It Is Manifesting in a Really Long While Were But all other avenues like you won't see Like google-maps-react So it is not that we sow or reap and amazononline.in This is so strange because if in India that If it wasn't there, he was the first one to install it. would be amazonbusiness.in No, I will not sell my prime because of this. rly wright and datchi Rent's rectu amazon.com on the dun Tus lentus ween dung ducky 96 engaged dong Teach ya know this is making me wonder it's all Region or Large American Company and Global is made because of the extra Surplus money comes to other countries They invest their money in other businesses And do you think so in the same country about like Know that McDonald's has become such a trust. Already happened where we have to go to a place where The brand is trusted and if it is then it will be Automatic pickup will not be automatic but It will take less effort, we will spend what we have We have got extra money from US Mud. The money I earned from this is now being spent on making muddled bikes. Make globally instead of and n Make Globally and L Make Globally OK How do you think about the drawing trust thing? How did Tata become a world leader? Too very good question on Trust Shar Dere E or Trust Kana Mera Why one Tata, how many companies are there? People must have tried how to play Tata Whereas if seen fundamentally why I Question is speaking I want people to say Fundamentally I tell things yes if If you look at it, Tata Indians were not even right If people say correct in India That hero stories work in India and If you like Indian and you like Richest then that Tata doesn't have it but Ambani has it. Still people like Tata more Okay, this second is that people in India They say that privilege is hated Are there more privileged people? If they don't understand our problem How to celebrate them, not even that That was right then after that they said all that Government media controls everyone All friendships that influence don't like them much That too Tata did not do anything in India Everything They Do Is As Good As Everyone Else Conglomerate in the word so they also all did still y Them and they also by the way children given yes yes absolutely it's it's meaning It's probably not the first time for anyone else. Whoever it may be, till now it was Tata only. Tata Tata Tata continues Next Tata Sus Will Like There Is I Recently Completed a book on Tata and many more It was fascinating like Ratan Tata's one There was a very clear mandate that Tata Sons ownership In Tata company should increase because of felt That It Was Diminishing and Declining And He Did That Not With Any Mal Intention There should be ownership sir but just said that Which is a contribution of Tata Sus Should not be at the whim and fancy of some Hostiles The company will not be able to protect itself To the interest and to the family trust too. support and that too very heavily Everyone promotes family, right? What is it that they have become a trust? i feel three things Ath number one no particular order If you have money in this India So you have respect but if that money If it becomes a show then it becomes a little is case in Point to Vijay Mallya Keson Point Jamnagar This is all what is Considered a flush unnecessary display off Wealth Were Almost Trite I'm Very Short They Didn't Mean But It Comes Across You just want to show how poor we are. How rich do you want you to be? You can make anyone dance, call anyone can give anything to anyone Something That Doesn't Fit In Culturally With Us And to Tata's credit they have never done that potre weather it's pr weather it's their own personality and late dinner he never He did not show off his true status. Lovage Bean Yes, we are rich, that's because with hard work but We don't want to show how much you Be poor and we don't want to show that How Rich We Are La You Would Never See Like Rajan's Fund of Planes But You'll Never See Him Image Flying a Plane Private J Aise Ko The sexy is sitting in Jagwar Jagwar Dew The Bloody Company But Y Know The Image We Have Is Ki Ratan The Tata Nano is launched on the Tata Stage and is the launch of the Na lakh kar so yeh to bada ardee hai sots fun Second trust is not that I trust that You won't make a mistake when is maximum Trust Built Maximum Trust is Built When You Make a Mistake and You Own Up to the Mistake Before People Point Out to You That It Is One Maximum Trust Is Built and that's what I feel Tata has done Comment bli well ok example it would be Several Things Weather There Is a Factory union problem He's a great one I don't know how many People Know This Tata Has Been Credited To Bring the 40 Hour Work Week as a Concept In the world in 1908 before 1908 late no working hours For people and there was no concept of Overtime was late with no concept of fixed. Hours to Get a Fixed Salary You Were Given Fixed Salary But You Could Be Asked To Work 24 It's a Day If Your Work Requires That Tata and the first companies to come up with a Fixed schedule of work brings the Bring the concept of overtime Pension Bring the Concept of Health Insurance Because It Went Through Phases Were The productivity of the release was at a Lose and They Were Making the Same Mistakes That Everyone else was making and they like yaar We Own Up to This Mistake That's Sustainable I don't know how many hours we have to work. Will take it to the factory before it dies break it there and make us a cardal We need it because we are being harmed. But to solve that loss He also did good to other people Dia Hum And That's FasTicket When You Own Up to a Mistake Before the Mistake is Pointed to You It Elevates Your trust index intensely we Interesting and that's why that's what i Think the toss is done Commendable well because they are very Consistent with that whether it is Bombay's Be it attacks 261 or anywhere else and give likes. Always Been at the Forefront Wasn't a Mistake Their butt they don't have to go out of their way To Acknowledge Everyone I Just Literally Said With their life as a chef as a waiter in the Taj Hotel One Day Din Need to Like Job Bro, get out of here and save your life. What's in the mind of someone to say no to, friend This is my guest, he gave his life to me The guest must be saved. I have not come. Saying This But That's the Kind of Thing That Gives What Bild Sots the Second and the Third Is Consistency is predictable and Consistency Doesn't Have to Be the Best But Too Be predictable in what you expect From Them to Go Back to the Dark Knight Beautiful scene between joker and the v was the name Who's the Guy Who Was Responsible for the City Of Gotham Not Beneath This Is In The Dark Whose face is the night? that you Have Never Ma Never Ma forgive you a five Ya Ra To De The Really Famous Scene Between A Guy who is not important for this Conversation and Joker and Joker Says This beautiful thing i Like If You Tell People That They'll Be a Bomb blast Tomorrow everyone will be okay because it is wet Give Expect Dew Is When People Lose There Mind Because When Something Happens unpredictable They Can't Know Before Hand How to Prepare Them sells for it and then adds like that A Little Case to This World Which Is Where The Movie Draws Its Themes From But What It Is Essentially Saying It Actually Doesn't Matter What is the standard that your delivering As Lung As It Is Predictable Because People Then Align Them Sales To That Expectation and all the measuring is Is this what I had in mind? Did you do it or not? This is what was in my mind, did you do this? Whether the cheese is cooked or not, my question is whether it is cooked or not. Never like me friend, who did you do with this? why not late not even above Expecting It While Constantly Measuring You Against Their Own Expectation and Tata Does That Commendable Well They Are Constantly ting it in terms of late delivery in Terms of What Ever It Is and There Have Bean of course Mrs. Let's say ta nan is a Great example of that which will be the First Ones to Raise Their Hands and Say We Admitted Goes Back to the Point Second That I Made but consistent predictable delivery And over 120 plus years till 120 years Someone has been delivering consistently? People think this is just a show off. I can't, I can't pretend. Can't Pretend to Be Some Buddy Else Fur 120 Years they are this person this is who they are so That's why beyond that trust becomes and Everyone Else Has Eye Faulted on One in Ten Three things and never had one of those three Things to begin with what is what they have been Able to Build That Trust You Know I Feel These Fo One More Thing I Have Noticed Tata Bike I Am Finned By Them As Much As We Are Rat I thunk Tata won because of one more thing or on them People have trust or from whom they trust. People always want him to win Whatever is your advertisement or whatever is your About how they market themselves I did it not always for myself For the country that he did everything for the country With growth or with an agenda for the country I have attached it even if it is salt, it's just Iodine Bro Right is the salt of the entire country. Ka's salt is the same as tea, awakening the whole country If there is steel then the whole country has to be made. He has a great place and a great purpose. Gave people our own pockets We are not doing this to fill the country. And these are to take forward Communicating Sense of Purpose Very Consistently Through all their communication every Communication and I Think That's Really Really Help Them Win That's Truly the Case He raised his level with a purpose Given that we have no personal needs And then your first point that his personal The need is not even visible, it is not even visible Will also like Ratan Tata Livsure He Has But You'll Never See Him Doing It What's this this is a very very good Point Now Coming to a Point That Same Thing We A content creator or a personal brand who how can he do how can Give build trust because I feel The whole world is moving through I Have Another Quote Please You Must See Have seen this, I am very much I say my pin was mine Every Buddy Who Wants to Become Successful Will Become a Content Creator Here by Choice and By force by force like they don't know each other Option for them to do it gives you a brand So you will have to become content creator it dozen Means you have to come every day and make a reel It could mean that you once a month Want to send newsletter to your company's employees? What it can also beats content creation so People of Miss Confuse This Whole Thought Ki Kya We'll make a reel, you write, Lincoln you are here Shut So I Feel All Towards Personal Brands The way in which personal brands are going The great example of Elon Musk is growing from As Well That People Are Now Liking the Thought Personality Attitude of An individual individual is that person How to Build Trust What We Can Learn From These Large Conglomerates and What Have You Learn Because You're Doing the Same Thing You Are Building Trust and I Know This That You Want Do Anything to Break People's Trust and You Would Try to Protect It If Some Way It's Getting Harm Also So Scene That Analyze That I know you for that reason as well as it is Evidence Sambit A A Brand Common Talking Share To the first one is mine The question is used in an audience that here How many people are sitting who are in a personal Brand is and age expected one or two People raise their hands ok then I ask The Question: How many people do you know by your name? I know everyone's hands are standing right, how many of you are there? People know you by your work. How many people are standing there considering you because of your nature or you? Everyone knows the kind of person he is. Look at all of you standing by that major one If it is a personal brand then it should never be in doubt. Don't Live With What I Personal Brand I am not every person who He is a personal living with a human being. The Brand Is Love It The Only Difference Is How Many People Know of That Brand But Not the Fact That Weather They Know Off The Brand Are Not So you are a personal brand, so am I. You are also here and everyone here is also on the streets. Also every person is a personal brand Is the scope different? Are they a select few? There are people, there are some 100 people, there are thousand people or millions of people Then the question became this personal brand How does it happen because if every person is a If you have a personal brand then it is simply yours. These three things make your name. Work and your nature, your name meaning when your When your name is called, everyone else will think about you. What do I say when you're not there So it's like someone asked you, friend. What's the difference between you and Ank Ankur For That You Need To Have A Point Of View on Ankur and the Person Asking You Should also have a point of view on Ankur Which means sprouts already exist as a Brand without him being in the room then that Is established then what does Ankur do? What do you do then and then if Have you ever interacted with Ankur? Or even if you didn't but you saw him from a distance seen interacting with people So what kind of person is he and what kind of things are he? Tells how he treats people, all off That Forms a Persona and the Only Thing That People Are Now Subconsciously Measuring What Is This is a predictable consistent Persona and Don't I See This Persona Being Replicated consistently over a period of time Time and Not and Strangely Nuff Just Like A Corporate Brand It Doesn't Matter What That Pasona Is It Dozen Matter Weather It Isra Right Many people like Pasona and De Rang Pasona. Tell me friend, what has happened to the world? How we have created this generation of idols is following this is following that Bro It's Not About Right and Color It Is About the fact that whoever follows Are you there? They see that every day. wakes up and makes pasona with the same beans or It is in the exhibition whether it is right or wrong It doesn't matter if a person is 25 years old at your age [music] Are attracted to that conversation and someone If a person talks about simplicity Talks about knowledge, talks about something else does and just keeps talking about it Are Attracted to That People Will Self Select who they want to follow depending on Var They Are in Life Early on They Might Follow Money Letters on They Might Follow Relationships Aventurine Make Their Choices What They Are Constantly looking for ease That Sambalpuri [music] Nobody Can Be Consistent at Doing Something This is not authentically them because they will Break at some point of time somewhere Then it will burst and the real face will be visible. What and what is not the personal brand but some Buddy Who Does Consistently Well Is Only Doing it because they're authentically that person and people will give Follow and this translates into a Beautiful life lessons to people in life Don't try to impress who you are Remain the same and see who would have impressed have found yours 450 million people visit Tribe Ya every month There are only 4.45 crore people from our country. access month y If you create content consistently So out of that 450 million, you some audience Guaranteed become your tribe If you take it, I have made it for 7 now. So something close to 3.8 million is Ranveer 2 But if you make it then its 10 million something But we're both far from 450 million is a maybe never reached in life Mr. B will get only 200 out of 450. The maximum he will be able to lift is probably 20-30 40 Will Pick Up That Means Respect For You Doing You Will Always Find Enough People Who Will Follow you even if you are [ __ ] As Lung As You Do It Consistently As long as you are doing it consistently And That's How You Build a Personal Brand You said grab any one thing and You are you, show your personality. Your personality is inherently that I I am busy now, I am emotionally free. I'm not afraid of what will happen Worse and all of that I'm wrong from tough times I have come up with a lot of things right now. If you keep doing it for a long time then your brand will grow. Will become similar to me later I am I Too much jail enthusiast that me I want to change the world from India If I want to create a global brand then Stay true and as long as I remain so My brand will become consistently right This Was But Then Now The Idea Of Race Sturts Hmm La You and Me We Bo Build Brands Rat How can we build a big brand quickly? why do why Not What I'm Talking About A 20 year old i'm in my 20's ok me Everything is in a hurry and I have many times I don't know why I'm in such a hurry but it's a thought. And this is the thought I think every 20 years I don't know what the process is, friends. You don't have to show it, you have to prove it to your parents. No, don't prove it yourself. Why are you in a hurry, I like it, I want it all Want it today So So How Do We Build a Like I Keep Thinking Because And I Tell You Were It Comes From Okay I Think It's Very Unfair and It's Almost Like a Paradox But I think it's true that we are not in our 20s Look for inspiration around us and then Let's see how successful he was in his 20s Or if someone is successful only at 20 then Let's see friend, he did it so quickly He made a billion dollar company so much Type brand has been made, this is a 20 year old 22 years old, 25 years old, 30 years old 35 years old and then we think that friend I can also do it in me, you know me What's Missing and That's Why You Want Build It Faster Because You're Just Seeing Examples Around You You're Like What Am I'm Doing Wrong and May Be What I'm Not Doing hitting right because of hard work, me too I'm doing it in my mind, I feel it in me Bhi hai right all of these I'm making a very 20 Year Old Thoughts No I Get It and This Is I Can Give You In Written by All the People I Met Someone Who Has a Billion dollar in there 20 And Someone Who Just Makes 00 Salary In Late 20 everyone has similar thoughts or absolute Absolutely So How Do We Build Bigger Brands How Do We Build a Bigger Outcome for Ourselves Cells That Are So There Are Multiple Layers To This Question first is two Understand Why Are People in Their 20s a Hari it is not because they are in a Hari it is Because of the time required to suck as a Percentage of their life lived so far is a Meaningful Share What I Mean By That let's ajum tho like explain me in hindi lock basic Our content journey in Language 2020 began Within a year we raised 1 million Subscribers hit it was fantastic I lost my mind and told my team Said friend, we made one million within a year Subscribers means if we If we keep pace, we will live only 10 years Within 10 million subscribers and he was listening to me and saying you've lost your mind Will it take us 10 years to get 10 million? It's about to arrive and I was just saying We will reach 10 million in just 10 years Jayenge And I Was Such A Different Reaction To The same goal it set me thinking that love is like this How come it is not so that I am more knowledgeable or smarter or If anything, it's a very simple explanation. I figured out in my mind that I am charles's 10 for me The year is 20 but my entire life is 20 For them, 10 years is half their life. You will tell someone for half your life, friend. Don't spend half your life in this work. Jaye said brother, I am not going crazy. Is half my life gone? Will I give a little more? So it is not that he is in speed Is he or is he impatient? That's it, friend! Too big to make something big It takes the same amount of time to prove it firmly. Can do, can prove with research That's an example in the US Unicorn is formed only in five to six years That unicorn in India in seven to 9 years It takes so much time to make an off course. There will be exceptions but on an average this much It feels the same, if it feels just this much, then there is a difference. Only those who start at 18 Neither did they know this data so He also started because any 18 If you say years then bro it will take 9 years. I will go to become a unicorn but I said not I'm doing it, I'm going to McKinsey better way but when they If Nana didn't know, he would have just entered. because they think 2 year old We will be inside and when it is done then They feel that yes man, you have already arrived. It was going to be a year so it will take the same amount of time. Just the awareness that it will take that much time to end The Decision to Make It Happen and the Lack of Awareness and ignorance are good friends. I don't know how long it will take so go ahead Because you have to close your mind and go inside. That's the key difference I don't think you any Legitimacy can short circuit or reduce Can do this is the right to passage Your Na Baap is Jam By Fire, with this you What can't escape in life? things will come with time will come And it's been years since you started doing this. I don't want to but let's go after four years No You're Really at a Very Very Big Level House Ofx may also have become big. Offcourse Raj Meant Will Be Big Figuring Out Will Be Big It took a year to give all this, man! Gone la keep saying keep saying keep doing and keep doing And the passion was to do it within three years It will take four years but it will only take a year. Gone But You Don't Regret Two Sen Years End At No Point of Time You Feel Enough dude can't do it anymore because he Momentum was building, they kept going, that came Feeling is the Truth and That's Why Not Surprisingly, the data suggest that Probability of successful startups Success increases with age There is a lot of data in the US that can prove this. With age it means age of the company and Age of the Founder Age of the Founder O So The Average age of success is 35 to 37 years of The Founder This is One The Probability So One If you plot the peak then the peak which is That is 35 to 37 years of founding age. It happens that if and it does not matter that their Is it the first start up or the fourth start up So how many startups of e-materials were there before? have done nothing done 35 to 37 is When you hit the sweet spot Your probability of success is highest It happens and then people something to triangulate or predict Tried to explain why Experience of multiple things happens There is more maturity, there is more, there is a lot more I have done it but it seems to me that the genitals something very simple which would be very difficult It is easy to account or calculate Are Okay With How Much Time It Will Take To Sucked and not 7 years old at the age of 25 It is very difficult to give a commitment But 35 years is a yearly commitment. If it is easy to give then he is seven years old. There are only seven years left and 35 have already been lived. There is not much left, we will make seven more. Then maybe we will reach because Ali I just met Abdal in London and I Told Him This Which I Thought Was a Very Simple Thing to Say But It Struck Him to Ali Abdal to Abdi Abdal and May Be It Struck Him Because He's Also 27 And I M 44 To Darmiya Bahut Hai I Said Ali Last Man Standing Is Actually It's not a strategy, it's an approach. Strategy that I will stand till the end Because the rest will either die or Will get tired but if I stand till the end no i win I will never go to any place in my life Pick the thing up and see the last man Standing is actually a strategy that He who stands till the end wins It was not necessary that he was the most talented It was not necessary that he was the sharpest. It wasn't that it was the most expensive or cheap. Or anything and he just stood till the end Survival is the shore way of sexy so much Gave a long answer but this is the answer but Question on this and I agree with you Are you saying but my 20 brain please please something If people do life quickly then they Would you account that to just luck yes It's mostly luck when you see it, man In 19 years someone uprooted it in 25 years Log marks youngest in 27 years [music] When we hear the story of Biliarti he I myself have said that I went to such a school Where A computer How many schools were there at that time where children had computers all over his city The only school was exact How Did That Set Him Up? All those children became technology experts No, there was something else in his life which was only for that and there was something else too which It was just for that and there was something else too If not, the funnel will become smaller and smaller. It remained that maybe two B's came out of it. One of which was Bill Gates, The Chosen One the Chosen One the Luck Out Once and Then Off course is hard work, dedication, hard work and Everything is there but because we don't care about luck We can't do those things so much Dismiss and i do Dismiss it so that it is not achieved Can't because of this defeat approach That's what you achieve very quickly in your 20s We can't learn anything from them but It is equally important that something happened to them that changed your life I probably can't and you can also achieve can't and doesn't mean that you'll never get there Maybe it will take more time but the impossible Of that is not the truth fer a lot of time A 20 year old man would find all this completely alien. I'm just being true to what my feelings are lock honestly I can't mean I used to do it earlier ok that I Used to Pretend to Like or I Understand this and that and I can do The Same Thing Right Now on Pretend to Be Vice and take all of it and common like no i I don't like this at this point at all I may One Day Everyone Understand But My Brain Is Right Now Function In That Way There Has To Be A Hack Why I'll Find Out and It's I Also Off What Ever Common Doing on Account 99 Now I look like 1 is me doing the putting the Effort a Greed and All That Happens With Everyone's Life But I Think That One Person Has So Much Power That It Can Change a Lot of Things no it's quite possible man Absolutely absolutely jeez but give according to you There is no hack ts coming back to ts That's the Heartbreaking News That I Give To people, that's my work, that's it, isn't it? That's the job of an educator. You will come here. There's a pro hack we can jam together. Are you going to think about it? Like look it is not a hack but it is written This is what you will have to do, everything is written here I Love This Approach Guys If You Feel Like It That there is hope and tomorrow we will burst please subscribe my channel come along Burst in if you feel like you're bursting If you tried and became hopeless then please do this the one This channel brought you back Ankur Ankur brought you back Please bring us both back on track keep supporting each other because Looks like it will go like this Ankar it's going slow Go ekli this is this is good i like this Next time we're gonna say this to people or These guys all give you a very good Example of this you are for people a friend I'm a teacher here's the difference between a friend and a Teacher you are growing in life you also things You're learning that you'll probably get married someday. Maybe Have Children You Will Grow as a Person You will change as a person and your The audience will change with you and If you change along with the audience, then you You will live life together like friends. So now money is important. About money. Then about relationships, then about children. Something else about children and I am a I am a teacher, I can never be their friend. I give them the same clichéd content over and over again. I will keep telling you again and again because I am in class. I am teaching and that class is by design on point It will end, it will end and I often I tell people the point at which you My content will seem repetitive Congratulations you have graduated from my Class please move on to the next teacher and I want to introduce another student to my class I will bring, I can't be your friend Ranveer Can become your friend, can become Tanmay Raj can become because he is our age and The content will grow along with you La Ranveer's content will change, what would have happened earlier This was made bisafe, do all this now Spirituality: Tomorrow something different will happen. Yours was an angry young man now this Loving Beautiful Exactly You Will Also The more mature you grow in life, the more people will Grow with you and you will grow with these people Fundamental difference is in content I always Say the Three Roles You Can Have as a Friend And an entertainer and a teacher and it is most It is important that you choose among these three. Which role do you have to play and then when If you keep doing this for a long time then people Exactly because the challenge became that people become entertainers from friends or From friend to teacher or from teacher They try to be friends but it doesn't work There could have been three seasons of content from Sakta So I Let's talk about the three seasons of content Creation there is copy curate and create we are early On you should copy at 60 and curate at 30 Create and as you progress on Only 10 This ratio should be completely What is the meaning of change and copy? I am the king. I will go closer and consume its content now How can I say this in my own way or what i offend do i pick english content I will do it and tell him that I am in Hindi How to make it for the public or for the local public Can so ts copy curation is what you Do it very well or I have four From people or four books or four movies This information has been gathered from For you because of information overload. You can't learn all this, I'm teaching you I am created, this did not happen in my life. I have learned this, I have experienced this He is the most difficult, so he Should do the least in the beginning and do the most You should focus on your copy and curation. So a lot of the paralysis that happens with Early creators i yaar hum kahan se create Will do, friend, where will we get the [ __ ] from? That means there is no dearth of bro content. In the world you have to copy and absolutely Copy without shame and you have to add Your own flavor is yours to curate because People Love That Effort You Put In to Gather Things You create very little and as This will give you a little experience You will become experts and tilt this ratio. keep doing ya ya ya i i love it i love this And I Have a Similar Version of Doing the Content in the Same Way So I Call It Learn Teach and then opinion yes ok so it's like i agree With 10 more people like Ankur and Ankur Made podcasts and learned from those who He said I made it as it is And I am telling you to see this from these I learned it but now I feel like man This thing about Ankur was not right and this No so then I'm adding my own flavor that ok me b why should i put it like this I will also give you the background Apply and see for example late time Not credited in management organizing I couldn't get anything right in my life. Am I missing something fundamental? So I think one of the keys to being successful is The only way is to organize, don't you think? My Opinion is So Than I Think Than You Start Building More Like a Better Community or Buzz People Are Waiting for You Opinion: Okay, you have learned the content. Now tell everyone what you did tell us that you applied Hotli You're Telling Your Learning From This OK last two topics we'll touch Because we talk about content creation Were talking about right and knowledge Was talking about Addy Vices, right here I am have a very interesting Questions Recently SEBI Did This We Were Now you no longer create advisory content But could not make advisory even before If you have more than million followers R tagged as fin influence then absolutely Can't even watch you get a pretty Evidence Tag of Influencer Right Main To I was never in that zone of influencers. Tags not found I was very happy Let's go that way, it's a good thing because I never I created some content in between On Finance Stuff But It Was Also Very Personal Journey Type Not A Hardcore Content Like You Make and Sharan Makes Right and Rachana Makes You Think It Affects You Now It never did end but now like now SEBI did this so now there is content strategy. it won't make any difference at all If you don't change, two or three things will become one. so i mean chasing more More are coming and then people will say That you can create advisory content or not You can create advisory content of mine sometime. It was never about you Buy stocks or buy these mutual funds Because I know about it myself I am not an expert so I will never try this again. If we don't talk about Machal Funds then You talk about the concept of mutual Funds Yes The Concept Of Yes Yes Because I I am not endorsing a brand. Space not talking about a brand As far as I am concerned, SEBI's guidelines are very clear. is that You can't endorse a brand And where should you invest someone's money? As a product they cannot tell when It comes to stock market so you are not this You can say buy HDFC or buy SBI Can't say go to Jaroda go to grow Go, now you can no longer promote Fitek brands. If we could, we would have done it anyway. I had reduced it a lot but yes now it is normal. Can't be so for example let's have one Small case is yes right because I'm talking About That That One Of The Safest We A Let's From Fintech Company to Promote Tech Startup To promote right because it is very personalized It's a small case, put it in themes That's great, I think rural. If India grows then I am contributing. You see you can slide by it right then You cannot promote small cases Not a case as a stock market investment But small case from some other investment product Yes, there is a loan against mutual funds. Loan against mutual fund does not come under My understanding of SEBI regulation It's a different asset class because If he comes into loan industry then he Small Case Lunches What They Did Yes, by law I can promote him. Okay, now that basket is no longer that basket. Can promote, can't say right Yes this small case middle class small case Take it or whatever your all weather We are investing, take all this even now You are not promoting but bol ra toh yeh yeh All these things mean they can do but a lot The gray line is because it is still an advisory Paper It Will Not Come Out as a Regulation Age You got it but I stay clear of this Because there is a lot of clarity that from the content earning money was never the objective The objective was always to build trust And the main focus is web veda and education So the whole focus is on that and that's the whole game. Bhi hai ok so you are not concerned much about It's I Our Business Stream Is Very Clear our dominant early at 70 to 75 Of our content revenue comes from Corporate Talks and My Time in Sach Events and more which I really like Doing Much Like Public Speaking I like it very much. I like it very much. Whether by going to companies or going to colleges All that talking and all that interacting with people Karna And I Get Paid Very Handsomely For That's so that makes up for a lot of that money Brand Emotions Were Always Low and Vo There were only a few selected brands with which I also worked personally as a customer. So he used to endorse them also but if Even when he left, that was perfectly fine i still talk about them But now he almost doesn't talk openly. I am like, I have taken a small case. I have taken this I&D money This has been done, that has been done, all those Brands I personally use Customers talk about them all anyway I do it but you do it without fear It's good because now I don't have any money. There is no money, no transactions Hai fer fer fer and so you're not a bird About personally because this is mine this is mine it's not a game My offer money comes corporate how much you Charge F Corporate T at Rs 9 Lakh at R 9 Lakh A handsome amount in fact one eye Would Thank One of the Host in Country for Keynotes For a non-presidential Person Non Silb Nonal Silb Are Crazy But For Them It's An Appearance Fee Not A this will be a talk for an hour If I speak, I came to talk about because You talk a lot about money so more than money comes Wa Talk About Hustle Culture Shar Ok So And Money Aa will touch it in this building wealth wala Sort you, you run the company where we are all we are remote, we need you guys No, you live in one room, you live in one room. The world operates yours correctly and completely The team talks to everyone on a zoom call. is or remote I can't do this work, it happens to me can't do ok Tell Me Now Three Things We Know Too Your selection process is unusual Because we have to find those people with the remote. So I will spend a separate three hours on this. I can do a podcast, just tell me three. Highlight thing, the first thing we want is your entire career was made in this Is A We first give each applicant a set Off send 20 questions which will help in their work What kind of a person is that? If it has anything to do with it then these 20 questions Some examples of what's the worst thing The worst thing about you What is pick between speed and Perfection Pick Between Money and Power A Five If one of your senses If your senses go away, which senses will you be without? We can live and why would we get so angry? When does it come, when do you become impatient? Why do you have such questions, there is a lot to know Then we give them emotional Let's send a test. The first emotional test is that How emotionally dysregulated are you? Be regulated, make me emotionally dys regulated. Don't know how to work with people Regulated means controlling their emotions. Don't know how to control or get angry So you control your anger out of control. Out of control, happy, at work, at work. Will affect you a lot, don't know how to Control rat so don't know how to regulate Their Emotions Are Second Attachment Style Her A person has an attachment style Basis's relationship with his parents in his childhood or from their care taker or care giver What kind of love did they get and in what way? Secure avoidant dismissive if found Ansys is just a secure attachment. We choose styles, this is ours This is the first filter that many people pass by. Then comes the second one and we give them a task. This task is not on him that he It depends on what you have done in life. What if you join this company? If you have to do it, it will take a week or two. If there is a big task then there are more people than that we get released and then we meet them for the first time Before we look at their resumes, You haven't seen anything beyond the name, right? Someone has talked to him, right? Everyone tries to chase them If something happens on email then half the people would do it. Half the people don't do it. We don't do it. Don't even chase them means please ts Perfectly fine your choice your life Your career. People who are successful in these two processes. We stay later and do one on one with them. People Make It Usually Around 5 to 7 To the one on one out of that we usually 20 If you select, it means selection on 1. This is our rate, this is our entire hiring. The process is slow Butt is very conscious and because of this I Know That I'll Pick People Who Are In Nature Match those who match in the value system We do it according to our temperament and our ambition. Whose style of working is very similar And it doesn't matter what age they are It doesn't matter whether they have done college or not. What are you doing and what are you not doing? etc etc and of course does it matter that Where do the nuns of that live and what do they do? And That's How We Go Through Our Hiring It is very different and this is what I have been doing in the last 10 years. I have been doing this since so this is not a new Phenomena these groups on near by Implemented 2013 was when we It's been 11 years since it first started. While doing and I have game this process to the Extent I Can Conclusion It Comes to Recruiting the Right Kind of People with the Right Judgment I Very Rarely Go Rang With Go R With Hiring Because I Never Hired in Doubt No like, don't even explain the doubt. Do you have any doubts about this person? or something something that doesn't fit something Yes, the wipe check is not coming. It doesn't matter if you can't explain. Reject reject is not a load to think about. Nahin Lena Hai And That's Why Ofcourse It We have a very small team that also helps. We Are Not Very Rush We Have No Sense Off Urgency is not fake but very fast And Don't have to, don't answer to anyone. Is there any CC VC? Everything is ours. It is my own, everything is managed by me. These terms are so wildly different from What I Did in the Last 10 Years That I Learn it the hard way and repeat it again implemented ok last What's your problem with hustle What's the problem with culture? Hustle culture almost. Everything almost everything not everything my friend I don't have a problem with hustle culture. The problem with this thing is that you can't release it. Would you like to immerse yourself in that culture? Do you want to participate or not? Looks like you don't have a choice Because that will not be a part of hustle culture He will lose in life which is not True True Absolutely Not True But The The entire world is designed so that if you If you are not a part of hustle culture then you are on the side. Go, nothing will happen in your life. Because there are only two choices or five of hustle Suck it or make it a failure This is a problem because many people are built Not able to sustain hustle culture People don't have that mental capacity. Physical Capacity Emotional Capacity Mental There is no capacity and people are just broke And Don't Break Just at the Moment They Shutter And then he never gathers himself get because they think [ __ ] is the same Things which we know and lead to success If we can't do it then we will be a permanent failure. Now there is no hope in our life Have And They Are The Ones Who Have Traveled Through Life because they settle for toxic jobs toxic Relationships Believing They Are Not Good Enough To get what you deserve so beautiful line The Paks of Being Well flr you accept the love That's what you think You Deserve to Accept the Love That You Think You Have Deserve that means that we are always the same confess the love we feel Who deserves what he deserves, then when you are a Do you accept toxic relationships? Do you think you can do better than him? You can't get any better than that. Maybe you're not that good after all There is no better person for you than this one. The end happens only when you trust yourself. Those who have left have picked up and why does that happen? Because you have lost in life or people People keep telling you that you have lost. Keep telling you that you can't do it right So that's my est of hustle culture is that There's not just one path it works for A lot of people but it's a dozen work for a lot of people And you still make it into life as I come Agree to this I wanted to know because of me It is fun to achieve something big and it is visible. I feel like you're good with it right now You are made for it that it is natural to you So You're Not Pretending to Be Some Buddy Otherwise, I am also exactly 20 years old. The horizon is the horizon is 30 years 50 i Think about why in a deck I what I am going to do it and I don't need anyone to tell me the timeline. There is no hurry in getting things right but because I I'm designed this way every year I say that my hard work of the last 10 years Take me in this I wanna go every year I say This That Have You Heard That It's Still Day One We Live By That I'm Like Today I Wanna Work way more than last year or this year New Year I'll Say That I Wanna Work That Way More Than Last 10 Years to Me That Drives Me and I'm Designed That When If I'm Not Doing That i don't like it mean it Just I Don't Know How We Built This Way I Don't Say This to Anyone With People Working with me all the people everybody knows When they say that I am my friend's I am attending a wedding, come on or chill I'll text them I'll wait for them too Come Back and Do It It's Not That You Have to Hustle With Me Like I Know What You Do So That's All There Is Respect Every Buddy and I No Not Everybody Is Built For It Not Everybody Every four to six months in the Organization with the People Working in Some Form and They Ask People Not Me Directly But Some of the Other Team member will ask team member ok do you want The Next Six Months Do You Van Hustle Hum Right and you watu take it easy we so that we Are clear we are nice This Has Nothing to Do With Your Growth and You Age as a person and your capabilities but this judge Everything to Do with We Know What Kind of Roll To Give You For Next Six Months Curt And It Can Keep Changing Because I Know That I'm just this crack person who needs to hustle 247 Not Every Buddy Will Be and There Are People In The Egg Who Are Bigger Hustle Than Me I See Them Working Late Than Me Also and They Like This Is life so to me that is very FASTICUT SAME KIND OF PEOPLE OR YOU Do You Do You Do Stuck If You're You're This Very Hustle 247 On Kind of Person and You Are Just Driven So Much That You'll Achieve Things And Change the World Side Kind of Thing Because you're in your own illusion and you Wanna Do It You Attract People and You Keep doing it so timeline problem There is no problem of 10 years, 20 years or 50 years. No, it is not a problem either Why are you not doing it and you are a loser? It's nothing, it's just that I'm designed like this. I feel like that's why people call me Why are you doing wrong friend? I am doing wrong because if you look at me Internet The Moment You Tell People What You Want Work 18 hours you wanna work 20 hours they shut On you or mean you you know we saw that Poor Narayan Murthy, why is he trapped like this? Happened Right Happened With Me Once Than Happened With Shantan Happened Like Multiple People And I'm like man, he knows the same way So they are saying that like them, they If you become successful then it will be correct according to that. If everyone was as successful as them If you want to become, you will have to do this, that is the Price That You Have to Pay According to Him Him There Can Be People Who Are More Than Them Will be successful and will work only for four hours Will correct there is a possibility or Butts According to Similarly According To Me and Similarly According to Ankar Der So I Think People Should Respect That It's And At The Same Time I Think You Have A Very Fair Point Where People Start Feeling That if we're not hustling then we Kya Loser Kya La So I Go With That Saying OK I'm hustling and I I think I will win with this because I It's fun only if you enjoy it So you keep doing it because I understand it. I have come to believe that whatever gives pleasure You will win true that i like there is no no right And Rang Way There Is No Bezos Still Day One And Ilan Must Get Abse Way And One Buff There Everyone makes multiple ways but not buffet. He does his work and gets respect does to people when he abuses and Steve Jobs is also a buff who works all day long. Also Have You Decided If You're As One Way You Should Just Choose That Way and Keep Doing It That Way Absolute Ultimate Game It's Never Dying With You I Wan I Din Even open this and my incident with you was You inspired me and motivated me to do Something Which You Never Shed in Public a Love To know so I don't watch much of your content on Inspired Me As Much As I Met You In A Hotel in Delhi for two minutes ya ya ai Remember That You Were There I It Was Night I Think Or Would Come From Shooting Some Podcast The North Blog and the South Blog Something Came Ribar I Ribar 11 11 12 Sham Sham Ho Ra Thi Ra Bade Bud I Was There And I Met You One Didn't recognize for seconds Okay because I got down and you were so goddamn Fit me that blue my mind and you Told F You Told This Enough On Public Platform I Think You're in Your 40s and You I like you look like this guy I like Six abs and stuff my brother likes This is what I'm not as fit as him in My 20s and This Guy Is So That Inspired Me a Lot and I Started Doing So Much Consciously for health that It's because it was my head already that I want to do health health health but I am You That Was The Day I Started Calling Doctors on My Podcast I Started Getting People No And If You Will See I Come Remember This Is Nitin Gadkari Episode Ya Ya Or right, I was at the time of Nitin Gadkari. At that time your plate came absolutely completely If you look at me after Nitin Gadkari ji Since Podcast 10 12 Podcast My Health Podcast Ya Ya Ya I Can I Can Totally Now Relate to That Wow That's It You Inspired Me Crazy I'm So Happy you share the story man and start Taking care of my health after it Shows It Shows It Really Shows Like You Look Like some buddy who's conscious of your health And taking care of it and so much hustle It is very difficult to do this Credit to you that your doing it thank you So much for doing this no absolute thank you Earing and Talking I Would Love to Have This Again Never You Are I Can Talk To You On Multiple Things Viewed Data Kinds of Stuff ok shut this we put podcast It will cut a lot of shorts clips which Deep down on those topics will be discussed the most Just Perfect That's The Way To Do It Thank You you man all the Best thank you so much for watching this Episode Till The End Please Tell Me This What did you find missing in the episode aap me Give feedback because if you give feedback then I How can I make this a better podcast? Let me know which guest you are Which questions do you want to see? and what are the topics that you want those whom I understand and Bring me to you in the comments Please tell and before you go share this Episode with one person because one Conversation Can Bring Amazing Change In If someone's life and one person change, From there the country's growth changes. Ants time keep figuring starts Out don't forget to subscribe this channel [music]