Number Van: It can really buy happiness. Many people speak like this. They are fake and say that money cannot buy happiness. They are lying. Have you ever seen any rich person exchanging money with a poor person? No, right, but every single poor person.  A person is ready to exchange with a rich person because because money provides convenience, many daily routines are avoided, this does not mean that you should start chasing money, but understand that money is important.  You will never get happiness, you will never get comfort, you will never get peace, it is a lie, in this way you can get every single thing which is your life, it is important for you, so do not chase after money, but there is no emotion with money because it gives happiness.  You can get [Music] Renting a thing versus buying a thing If you ever match, you will definitely know that renting a thing is more beneficial and this is a nature of money because we are very important about money.  This element is often forgotten and its name is Opportunity Cost. Understand that you want to buy a house and to buy a house you have to make a down payment but if you are buying a house worth Rs 1 crore then you will have to make a down payment of Rs 2025 lakh and then Rs 75 lakh.  You will have to take a loan for the registration of the house. If you will not get a loan for that too, you will have to make a down payment for that too, so roughly Rs. 30-35 lakh will be your down payment. You will add it together and pay it, but if you take the house on rent.  So the same house worth Rs 1 crore will get you a maximum of Rs 30,35,000 per month, which means if you still have those Rs 30,35 lakh, then look at that Rs 30,35,000 every month. You can invest this Rs 30,35 lakh and that investment.  If you do it right then you can generate a return from it. When you don't do it then it becomes an opportunity cost. I am renting almost everything except my house, our car is on rent for most of the time.  I am very fond of photography, so whenever we go on a wildlife trip, the camera lances are very expensive, so we rent those lances, which are very cheap because I can use them. How much maximum will I rent Lance for five days in a year, I will rent it for six days, why should I take a rent of ₹ 4 lakh for it, but if I rent the same range of Rs 4 lakh, then I can rent it a maximum of 10 rupees for those four five days. Or if I pay 15000 rent then I can live all my life. I still remember that before I bought a house, I was very young and bought so much and spent so much money in it. Now do we ever go on vacation because we have children who have become a family. Now we have gone to Dubai and there we stayed in a very nice 23rd floor overlooking Dubai Marina and that house is worth four crore rupees. It is in a house worth Rs. 4 crores. Even if we want, we will not stay for more than 10-15 days in a month, but when we stay, we are ready to pay a good amount for it and we have to take it on rent, this is far more efficient. Property So please, before buying any precious thing, think whether it would be more beneficial to rent it or would it be more beneficial to buy it? Keep the emotions to a minimum and then get the emotions back [Music] Number three: We are very careful with our money.  They come when we do not know how to earn this money back. The person who is not told how to earn money, never sees his money as risk awards, he always wants to amplify it. He tries to make the right investments, takes risks, understands the entire risk profile well, knows where his money can sink and where it can grow and he deploys his money through this risk profile, but the Not telling the person how this money can be earned again. This person does not know how this money came and because of it, how it can go away and will never come back. That person will always keep this money close to his chest. Will keep him money will never be used properly Date this true shocking Saad ne aspect about Mani which I talk to you a lot about investment in number four but the best us of Mani for this investment is in yourself you read your Invest in your learning in I am the sponsor of this video which is a very good platform. I like their courses very much. Whether I want to learn about financial investment, I want to learn about digital marketing, I want to learn how YouTube works or how Facebook works. I have never learned coding but if I ever wanted to learn it, I would learn it from YouTube because the best instructors are the best and a great outlet of all the possible courses that you would want from me.  It has a 30 day refund policy. You can watch it anytime, anywhere. It is completely on demand and I fully date it. It is such a great investment to make in yourself. There are so many students who ask me where I spend ₹500 or ₹500.  This will not change your life. You can invest with full dedication every month, but if you have only ₹ 500, the best investment will be that you go buy a course and invest in yourself because debt is such a great way for YouTube to grow and  Invest in eating right. Invest in good training for yourself. Invest in good teachers for your sir like on YouTube. Invest in good tutors. Invest in good learning. Invest in good books. All these investments are possible only through money and if you make debt investment it.  Give this 5 button investment, other investments or stocks, due to that, there is a very famous English phrase, first wife and pound foolish, it means that there is a lot of thinking for the chillaron, but as soon as a little money becomes big, then the thinking disappears.  It disappears but if you have to buy a good chair for work from home, you wo n't spend money on it. If you have to buy good shoes for running, you wo n't spend money on it. If you have to buy a good matrix for sleeping, you wo n't spend money on that.  You have to buy good food to eat, you have to buy organic, you have to buy good vegetables, you have to eat fruits, you will not do that and date you think about Mani, then money is for him for your being. If you are not happy with money, then what is the benefit of money to date? Investing Yourself is the Best Investment You Make Your husband and wife will have so much influence in your money decisions, not because they wanted to, because you have settled with them, so how much risk will you take with your money, it also depends on how much risk they can take with the money, how much risk you can take with them.  Where will you spend? How will you spend? How much will you spend? When will you spend? A lot of debt is going to get you determined by your partner. Things about Mani: I often say that your partner impacts three things: your financial decisions, your physical decisions and your  Emotional decisions and these are not three decisions [Music] These are very important decisions and once you take the date right life can change My wife is that's why I am telling you if you find a person to spend your life with who is not all about money  I think the same way you think, you are going to have the truth but the easier it is, the happier it is. Shocking fact number six: There is no person who wants to be rich but the tragedy is slow, for this I will tell a very interesting story, the name of Warren Buffett.  You must have heard the name of Bill Gates, one of the richest people in the world. You must have heard the name of microcope, Microsoft. Friends, Micro is the founder of Microsoft and he is also considered to be one of the richest people in the world, so one day both of them were talking on the stage.  And Bill Gates asks for warranty that Warren, both of them are very good friends, the philosophy is so simple, buy stocks of good companies and forget about them, hold them for a long period because if there is value in them, then that value will gradually increase. -Generate a lot of money for you by compounding slowly. It's so simple, isn't it? Why so many people have not become rich due to this investment thesis of Warren? Environment, they say laughingly, 'It's because Bill, no one wants, you get rich slowly, no one, slowly.'  Every person does not want to become rich. Every person has thought that he will become rich overnight and that's when you end up making the most mistakes. If you see any of your investment failures where you have earned money, it is because of grade. It is  Because you thought that money can increase quickly [Music] A video has been made, a video has been made which says that whatever your monthly income is, you will spend 50% of it on your needs, electricity, water, whatever fees.  Whatever you have to give, you can spend 30% on your desires, you have to buy a phone, you have to go on vacation, you have to party, buy clothes, divide it but within 30%, 20% of this is your investment towards your future.  You have big things to do, you have to go ahead, buy a house, get your children married, have your own retirement and with this budget you will look beautiful, you will be able to plan for your tomorrow and you will do everything but beautiful and this is not shopping sexy. [Music] You have to be free [Music] If your monthly salary is coming then you are rich, you have money but maybe you are not free because the day that income stops, the day that salary stops, you will sleep, that is why the salary.  That's why salary is called a drug. The biggest drug in the world is a monthly salary because as long as it comes, you remain addicted to it. The day it goes away, such withdrawal symptoms come that you are unable to live.  You can use the money properly, whatever you want with your time, and what is its date, you have made your investment in such a way that every month the return generated by that investment covers your monthly expenses in return. [Music] It doesn't mean you don't [ __ ] when you retire Baby you don't want to do Baby you don't want to do I've been wanting to [ __ ] all my life But I'm not [ __ ] for the money 'Cause I know  That I have so much money now that I no longer need money, I have to do less for myself, I have to do less for happiness, I have to do less for you guys and that's what I get up and I do what I do and that's it  That money is being made, but it is not something that I work for. The word and debt is what you want from money. You can become rich from money, but becoming rich does not mean that you can do welding as we have said.  It is said that your monthly salary can make you rich but wealth will be there only when the investment of your money is generating so much return for you that you can cover your monthly expenses with it. You are not dependent on this month's income. You're doing it because of the love of it You're doing it because you want You're doing it By will By choice Not by compulsion And debt is the true definition of One of my favorites Money doesn't change who you really are  It shows who you are, it does n't change who you really are, so if you are a miser, more money will show your stinginess to the world, it will show you yourself. If you are generous, have a big heart, and help people, then more money will make you better.  Will help people, the real you has emerged and that is the beautiful thing about Mani but also the shocking thing about me. Often people say that man, I have not changed you like this, nor was he the same person, he got money.  Well, his reality has come out and this is what Mani Das is, so don't ever think that if a person seems to you to have changed because of money, then he has changed, isn't he?  If you are a good person I am offended by debt, it is a gem in the hands of good people, it is beautiful. How much money will you have in life? There will be no answer to that. Some people will say 10-20 lakhs because they think that their whole life can be spent only in this much money.  Will live but they have no idea of ​​​​life. 300-400 crores, you don't have to think about this much money, but unless you have an accurate number, not how much money you are running after, you are always running, hence the running race in which the finish line is not there.  If the decision is not even made then at what time will you stop doing it? Never end. Most people go through because they do not know towards what purpose they are doing less, they just keep doing less. I often say that every person  There are two lives, one is the life which you spend to get this amount and the other is after that because at the point when this entire amount comes to you, you know that you should not run after money, you will not have to live for money. Number two, I  The whole video was made as if the number for me is 21.7 crores, the day I got 21 crore 70 lakh rupees, I know that every happiness, desire and wish of my life can definitely be fulfilled and the date is this number, the date I am walking.  You but I also know that at the point where this money came, I don't have ever worked and that will be back your asset, so these are the 10 shocking facts about money about money. Which one did you find most shocking and hard editing in the comment section.  Please tell me and if there is any other fact that you want to share with all of us then please share that too. My new book Get Expected Dan is now available in the market. In this book I answer 36 such questions which you can ask yourself in your life.  This is a very simple book. This book has been written in a corner session between a student and a teacher. The link to buy this book is in the comment and description.