Ankur, after watching your videos, we have started SIP, those small SIPs of thousands, now lakhs of rupees have to become lakhs and those lakhs will also become crores, but when will we use this money and generate a monthly passive income?  What we had to do was, how will that money come, it happens that the investment has been made and then every month the money like rent keeps coming, keeps coming, keeps coming, how does that happen, in this video I will show all the methods from very low risk to  High risk so you can generate a sustainable predictable income through your investments Number one post office monthly income stream POMIS is not a stream Scheme POMIS is government backed Fixed rate of return at 7.4% on whatever you invest And you can get monthly payouts on that investment. Sorry, the investment does not get the payout. Interest means if you have invested ₹ lakh, then the annual interest of ₹ 7400 will be available to you month after month. Minimum investment is ₹ 1. Maximum investment is individual.  It is ₹ lakh on level level and ₹ lakh on joint level, so the good thing is that there is a fixed rate of return, there is government's back, so the risk is also very low, single can also open, joint can also be opened, so it is important to know the interest. You will get the full tax deducted under your income tax slab, so good thing, it is risk free, monthly income will keep coming, but if you invest the entire Rs 15 lakh and you get it at Rs 7.4, then it will be roughly a year's income.  You will get ₹ lakh interest, now after that you will put your tax amount, then about 70 or 80000 rupees will be left. If you split it in 12 months, then you will get about 70000 rupees per month, so it is not such a life-changing amount, but lo. Next Senior Citizen Saving Scheme is good for risk, it is only for elderly people who are 60 plus, it has an annual fixed rate of return of 8.2, so it is very good for your parents, if you are a senior citizen, you should definitely get this done, maximum.  If the amount is 15 lakhs government backed then the risk is not that much, if the rate of return is fixed then there is not much equity fluctuation and another good thing is that if you are availing deductions in the old tax regime then the standard deduction of section 80c.  If this interest component is added to it, then technically if you are within the deduction then it becomes tax free Next Pradhan Mantri Via Vandana Yojana PMV by Via Fixed 7.4 Annual Rate of Return This is also for senior citizens Minimum in this is ₹  lakh and the maximum is ₹ lakh Flexible payout You can choose monthly, you can choose quarterly, you can choose half yearly, you can choose yearly payout as per your choice, the payout that will be there is income tax deductible, this is basically called pension scheme.  If there is pension, then it is income tax deductible. Then comes corporate deposits. This is not for senior citizens, it is for regular citizens. What is corporate deposits is that you deposit your money in NBFCs which are non-banking financial corporations in the form of an FD and that. They give you a fixed rate of return because these are not nationalized banks, they are not even private banks, in fact they are not banks, they are NBFCs, they usually give a higher rate of return but under that, their risk is also higher. Housing finance companies also offer these corporate deposits.  They provide flexibility like FDs, you can decide for how much duration, when to pay out, whether to reinvest the interest back or it will become your regular income. All that is up to you. Credit is a huge risk. Risk or Default Risk: If the company itself has gone bankrupt then the entire money can be lost. Unlike bank deposits, there is no insurance in it. Whenever you make a bank FD, it is insured up to ₹ lakh but this is not so.  Then there are NT plans, these insurance companies provide them, they are such plans in which you get life insurance but after the term ends, you can start generating a kind of pension or an annual income. Usually there is low risk because  These are very long term investments like you will take an NT plan for 25 years and if you have taken it till the age of 60 then it will start after you have retired or when the turn is over so they are typically able.  To Get the Returns That They Have Promised The problem is that they cannot generate as many returns as you would be able to generate on your own if you were to invest only because they are clubbed with insurance so if you add investment products to the insurance then neither Somewhere or the other something will be defeated and usually the investment is defeated. My suggestion is to look at insurance only as insurance, do not look at it as investment but if you want that you can also get a regular income plan from insurance.  Then you can consider that as well Next Debt Mutual Funds These are those mutual funds which do not invest in stocks but invest in debt instruments. What have debt instruments become? Corporate bonds have become fixed deposits. Government treasury bills have become government.  Bunds are done so keep juggling and changing the mix so that you get a predictable rate of return. This is not a fixed rate of return but it varies very little so you are more and less guaranteed that it will keep coming. The good thing is you  If you invest in that mutual fund, then the regular percentage that your debt mutual fund provides, for example 7 or 8, will become your income in the form of an annual payout. Another good thing is that it has no max cap. This means if you invest Rs 50 lakh and you are getting the same rate of return of 7.5% or ₹ lakh, then you will get almost guaranteed returns of Rs 50 lakh for the year as regular income and that Rs 50 lakh will be your next equity share.  Dividends: When we invest in the equity market, there are two ways to earn money from it. One is the appreciation of the stock price. If you bought a stock at Rs. 00, yesterday it has become worth Rs. 00, then you have made a profit of Rs. 00. The second is dividends.  The company that earns dividends is a distributor among its shareholders in the ratio of how many shares they have because they feel that if we invest this money back in our company, we will not be able to grow that much. Money can be distributed so they become Dividend Stocks There are some stocks which are famous for regular dividends being paid out to the extent that people buy those stocks and keep earning a dividend income from them continuously. The good thing is that this income You do not need to sell the stock to earn. In the first case, where the stock increases in price, you will have to sell that stock to realize that profit, but in dividend income stocks, you keep that stock but the dividend from it.  You keep getting it, it becomes an income stream. Now this sounds very good, but the dividend income is usually a very small percentage of the total value of the stock, so if you have invested something worth ₹ 1 lakh.  If you have bought stocks then maybe you will get 1000 2000 maximum 000 in a year and that has to be then come tell over a lot of true stocks to get you to a sizeable dividend Next Long Term Government Bonds What are Government Bonds You can assume one way  FD is where the government is telling you that I am selling an FD and if you buy it, I will give you an annual fixed leto return. The good thing is that these FDs have a very long tenure ranging from 5 years to 30 35.  There are bonds available for up to 40 years and that means you lock in that rate of return for so many years, which is a brilliant way to have predictable income your way. Yes, it's natural because it's a fixed rate of return. And if it is for such a long period, then the rate of return is not that attractive, it is quite low but rather it gives you reliability and stability of income over a really long period Next Real Estate Real estate is generally known but not only  Like stocks, they also have two income streams. One thing is that the value of the real estate property itself has increased, whether it is a house, a shop, an office or anything else. So what you bought for Rs 100 has become worth Rs 200. So if you sold it, your profit is Rs.  But the larger reason why real estate is so attractive is rental income. A very important metric in this rental income is also rental yield. This means what percentage of the property's value I get as rent every year. Usually residential rental yield. In India, around ₹ 1.5 to ₹ 3 lakh means if you buy a house worth Rs 1 crore, then you will get ₹ 1.5 to ₹ lakh as rent in a year and around ₹ 12,000 to ₹ 000 per month. Same rental yield is for shops and could go as high as 6s 8 even 10.  But at times so naturally a lot of people are attracted towards commercial real estate which is these offices malls shopping complex sense they are also more expensive the same shop will cost you a lot more per square foot then in very big malls it will cost you 100-100  ft shops you will get only Rs 1 crore each because their rental guild is such that you can earn Rs lakh a year in it but real estate becomes a predictable income stream by the same major like dividend stocks and then finally the  Risky of all but in my opinion the best of all A Systemic Withdrawal Plan I will tell you what this means because it is very important to understand that we humans have a very strange nature, we are afraid of too much information, we feel like this, friend  If you have to do a lot of things, then leave it to some simple method, then all these methods that I told you are really easy methods because you have to go and open an account in the post office, you will get a regular income stream, you can go and set up a pension scheme.  We will open a regular stream, you will go and buy a debt mutual fund, a regular stream will come, you will not have to do much, you will not even have to lift a finger, you will easily get a stream every month, every three months, every six months, every year, but bye.  The same reason, because you have not worked hard, the rate of return will also be very low, like 7%. Even if you are getting regular rate of return, what will you extract from it because after deducting the taxes, it becomes less than 6 on 6.  Meaning, your money is not able to beat even the inflation. Now the other option is that we keep saying, invest in the equity market, but the biggest thing about investing in the equity market is that it drives people into madness and  It seems a scary thing and this is it, the market keeps going up and down, then if it goes down tomorrow, then if it goes up tomorrow, sell it, buy it, and by the same measure, they are like, hard work is big, which mutual fund to buy, which one to buy? If you are ready to put in a little hard work to solve all these questions, how much to buy, when to sell, when to sell, then a Systematic Withdrawal Plan can generate a regular income stream for you, but as I say, it takes a little work.  Here's how I explain this, so let's play Excel, let's pretend that you are 25 years old and you say, friend, I don't want to start earning for 45 years, I will keep earning for 20 years, I will keep doing everything, but from 45 years.  I want a steady income generated in fact I want to retire at 45 and can you tell me how will this work at this point let's say your monthly SIP to you do is say Rs 000 ok and your yearly step up which is Let's say it's 5 but it's ok at the age of income, how much money will you have, let's just calculate that, let's take the step up calculator, this is from Grow, it is not a spread video but I really like the calculators of Grow, they are very simple. 5  But it is done, the annual rate of return is 5, we will take it at 13, we have invested in Simple Nifty 50 mutual fund, so this and then for 20 years, so this is 77.7 lakh 77, okay, this is our amount, we have got it, okay and this  Is Amazing 13 Returns in Nifty 50 Index Mutual Ok Simple Now let us try to understand it when you started buying then guess the NV Net Asset Value of that mutual fund think of it like the stock price for mutual fund then the stock price  Just like the price of a stock is the same as that of a mutual fund, it was 10 at the income age, how much will it be, it would have grown from the same 10 to 13 and if it has grown for 20 years, it will be around 150, okay and your  How many units will be there, then the way that it will work and let's try and see how, I am making this exact excel sheet in front of you. Okay, so you will know the complete calculation, so we will do it for the year only because if we do it for the month then  It's going to be a little bit difficult but let's say if we do it, here's one and we'll kick it. Let's make it go the way to 20. We'll do NV. We'll do contribution and we'll do units. Okay, so we've done 10 to  Started then after 10th we increased it from 13th ok and till now it has become 21 years 115 so what we did contribution is how much is ours 5000 * 12 and we are increasing it from 5th every year ok  Now how many units did we buy? If we bought 60000 units, AV was 10 then we got 6000 units and if we calculate this then this is our total number of units. If we calculate this then in the first year we will have 6000 and after that 11000.  Some And If You Do All This So We Will Have Around 66 617 Units Okay So 6661 Units We Bring This Here So Units Is Equal To 66 617 Now Let's Talk About The Age 45 You Want To Start Income. So let's say the income that you want income start is 0000 a month ok and also increase it by 5 every year because of inflation so now what you have to do at the age of 45 and this is something you have to understand at 45  At age you have 77 lakhs ok and you have 66 units now you have to start selling these units to generate this 500 every month this is the way you will work so let's now start the next cycle and let's go  To the age of 61 and let's go till 101. Okay, so we did nothing for 21 years, then after that let's see what we will do, now our NV is increasing, it is the same at 13 but on average.  It is increasing, it is increasing, it is increasing, it is increasing, it is a bit crazy at the age of 100 years, but NV will be 20 31000, whatever is fine, how much amount do we need, since 22 years, we need this 00 in 12 and this  We have divided the thing by this 5. Okay, let's see what happens, so this is our total amount. Now how many units will we have to sell to get this amount, this divided by this, so we will have to sell this many units, so let's see it becomes negative, it never.  It will never become native meaning this amount will keep giving you Rs 0000 per month throughout your life, increasing with inflation at that point. Now if you need this amount too late, then you need lakhs then let's see what happens. This amount will end in 31 years.  Means from now till then it will end in 31 years and if you need 7562 then this amount will end at 61, if we do 60000 then this amount will continue and it will end at 72 if we do 55000 then this amount will continue  Will remain and 82 p will end If we do something else later, if we make the monthly SIP 00 then for the same step up, we will get Rs 1 crore 16 lakh, the same Rs 1 crore 16 lakh, if we want 75 thousand per month, you will  See it will last forever it will never end If we need one lakh rupees then it will end at 65 rupees And you can then mix and match as you want This is SWP This is the basic construct of SWP Now in this  You will see that there is a little bit of hard work because you have to invest for a few years and then after that point you have to keep selling every month. This is not tax included because the capital gains tax will reduce this amount a little more. Currently the capital gains tax is at 10%.  For long term, you will stick to the same 10 but you will get that number as well but largely the concept remains the same. Now to escape from this hard work, people choose small low return options and I don't understand this a bit. You can solve so much for yourself by doing a little hard work and to earn this 13 par na at the nifty level you do not have to fight much, it has been giving the same 13 par on an average regularly for the last 10 20 30 years. For long period of time that you are committing so if you can commit yourself to 10 20 years of investment with a step up to 5 also you will get to a point where you will have a corpus and from that corpus  You can live the rest of your life well without getting into this. This is a regular plan. This is how it has to be done. This is how it has to be done. So, did you understand? I wish that you consider this as an option in addition to the other regular income schemes that I have given you. Told and shared about them All of them are of course great but with a little fight if you want better income for life in a quantum like 1 lakh 755 Hz this is a big amount that will take care of the rest  Of your life I hope this was useful Aaku Signing of my new book Make Epic Money has become India's best seller by sending 1 lakh copies within a month. You can order it on amazononline.in. Audio book is available in Hindi format and English.  These three books will make your reading journey a habit.